When Green tore his ACL in a preseason game , Warner took over as the Rams ' tentative starter .
Royal Rumble was the twentieth annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Janko Prunk is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
Sometimes the balalaika is tuned `` guitar style '' to G-B-D , making it easier to play for Russian guitar players , although balalaika purists frown on this tuning .
Two days after he was sworn in as Prime Minister , the Wall Street Crash of 1929 occurred , marking the beginning of the Great Depression and subsequent Great Depression in Australia .
Dolignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Five is a congruent number . Five is conjectured to be the only odd untouchable number and if this is the case then five will be the only odd prime number that is not the base of an aliquot tree .
He gained a reputation for great courage , making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion .
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen , and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin .
The Washington Post is Washington , D.C. 's largest newspaper and its oldest , founded in 1877 .
This can be used to scale the graphical quotation marks up and down to suit larger or smaller quotes .
Kansas is an American rock band which became popular in the 1970s , with hit singles such as `` Carry On Wayward Son '' and `` Dust in the Wind '' .
TU Dresden is a campus university in most aspects .
Its county seat is Lenoir .
On September 21 , 2009 , CNET reported that Warner Music Group had possibly struck a new deal with YouTube and WMG videos may start appearing back on YouTube within weeks . It was confirmed on Warner Music Group News and the YouTube Blog on September 29 , 2009 that YouTube and Warner Music Group were in a multi-year deal with the two .
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world .
Alfonso Pérez Muñoz , usually referred to as Alfonso , is a former Spanish footballer , in the striker position .
In the United States and some other countries , landmarks may be called `` historic shrines . '' Notable shrines of this type include :
Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 have uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages .
The orbital elements given here are as of January 2000 , but they are continuously changing due to Solar and planetary perturbations .
The umbrella of the Evangelical Church in Germany comprises 22 regional churches , two Reformed , nine Lutheran and 11 united bodies .
Originally setup as the National Air Traffic Control Services in 1962 , bringing together responsibility for the UK 's existing military and civil Air Traffic Control services , the organization became National Air Traffic Services when responsibility for sponsoring the civil air traffic service component was transferred to the newly formed UK Civil Aviation Authority in 1972 .
Iraq 's egress to the gulf is narrow and easily blockaded consisting of the marshy river delta of the Shatt al-Arab , which carries the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris Rivers , where the left bank is held by Iran .
At Judgment Day James successfully defended her title against Melina and Beth Phoenix in a triple-threat match .
In the United Kingdom , civil partnerships were introduced in 2005 . The law gives civil partners the same benefits and associated legal rights of marriage ; ranging from tax exemptions and joint property rights , to next-of-kin status and shared parenting responsibilities .
Bursa has twenty sister cities .
She was 36 years old .
The Port of Manchester in north west England was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894 , four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port .
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
La Mina won camping essentials and the right to choose which member of Casaya would be exiled at the Reward Challenge .
See also List of places in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Tropical Storm Zeta was a late-developing tropical storm over the central Atlantic which formed after the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season had officially ended , and continued into January .
A hellhound is a supernatural dog , found in mythology , folklore and fiction .
Greene agreed that she could earn more by breaking away from 20th Century Fox .
The glacier flows at a rate of 20 - per day , resulting in around 20 billion tonnes of icebergs calved off and passing out of the fjord every year . Icebergs breaking from the glacier are often so large that they are too tall to float down the fjord and lie stuck on the bottom of its shallower areas , sometimes for years , until they are broken up by the force of the glacier and icebergs further up the fjord .
Brightness and hope and devotion . ''
The population was 144 at the 2000 census .
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
The areas to show ` white ' are cut away with a knife or chisel , leaving the characters or image to show in ` black ' at the original surface level .
Historically , Bhopal was capital of the Bhopal state .
Grand View is a city in Owyhee County , Idaho , United States .
The quartet has also performed at the Vienna Musikverein and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw .
Hurricane Ivan was the 10th most intense Atlantic hurricane ever recorded . The cyclone was also the sixth hurricane and the fourth major hurricane of the active 2004 Atlantic hurricane season .
Tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage and destroyed more than 70 percent of Darwin 's buildings , including 80 percent of houses .
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2002-2003 and 2004-2005 .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph winds that afternoon .
Sergio Rodríguez García , aka Rodri , is a Spanish footballer currently playing for Hércules CF , mainly as a central defender .
Many are fitted with highly modified Volkswagen engines and a few home-built hybrids have Ford Pinto engine , Chevrolet Corvair , Porsche , Mazda , Subaru or other four - to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines .
In 1962 , Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature .
In 1969 Merckx crashed in a derny race in Blois towards the end of the season .
Weighing 65 pounds , and standing 3 feet 7 inches tall , he became the shortest player in the history of the major leagues .
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
For the next two days , the city of Amritsar was quiet , but violence continued in other parts of the Punjab .
Endemic types or species are especially likely to develop on islands because of their geographical isolation .
John Kilner invented the Kilner jar along with his associates . He later founded the John Kilner & Co glass company in 1842 that produced this jar .
The names of all four satellites of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John in 1852 , at the request of William Lassell , who had discovered the other two moons , Ariel and Umbriel , the year before .
Thomas Eastoe Abbott was an English poet .
The term pansori is derived from pan , and sori .
Formed in 1992 , Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
McClane dispatches all but one of Gabriel 's men , but Gabriel still holds Lucy and Farrell hostage .
Sometimes , it is considered a lack of a sexual orientation . One commonly cited study placed the incidence rate of asexuality at 1 % .
In the European Middle Ages , the herb was placed beneath pillows to aid sleep and ward off nightmares .
In Demand would show movies , concerts , and other events , with prices ranging from $ 3.99 to $ 49.99 , while HBO and Showtime , with their legs TVKO and SET Pay Per View , would offer championship boxing with prices ranging from $ 14.99 to $ 54.99 .
Southampton Tramways were mainly affected by staffing issues during World War I. With the introduction of female `` conductorettes '' .
Albacete Balompié , S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Albacete , in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha .
Momentum is a conserved quantity , meaning that the total momentum of any closed system can not change .
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep waters , up to 8840 m , and the development of deep-ocean exploration techniques is expected to lead to the discovery of several more .
Ghulam Ahmad was an important religious figure who claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times , who was to herald the Eschaton as predicted in the traditions of various world religions and bring about the final triumph of Islam as per Islamic prophecy .
Whilst there was not much change to the existing weather symbols new symbols giving information Pollen and Sun levels were introduced .
Joe wants to take Ratso to a doctor , but Ratso adamantly refuses .
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters .
In `` The Novels of Jane Austen '' , published anonymously in Blackwood 's Magazine in 1859 , Lewes praised Austen 's novels for `` the economy of easy adaptation of means to ends , with no aid from superfluous elements '' and compared her to Shakespeare .
He was the second African American to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German football player .
A digital EP featuring Jessica , Tiffany , and Seohyun was released on April 2008 , titled Roommate .
It is claimed that he was killed by a tortoise which fell out of the sky after it was dropped by an eagle , but this story is very likely apocryphal .
The conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu , the 50th sovereign of the Yamato dynasty .
There was also a proposal , although this was not included in the Bill , for a subsequent extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadway station on the District Line .
It is commonly referred to as `` Monte Carlo '' because it is largely inside the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco .
At age 19 she moved to Florida with her mother , where she attended The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale .
Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s is a music video game and the third installment in the popular Guitar Hero series .
There have been propositions about including non-Norwegian members in the committee , but this has never happened .
Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to mimic .
They established themselves here and called that port Menestheus 's port .
Queen 's Park have won the Scottish Cup the third most times of any club , behind Rangers and Celtic , although the last time they won it was in 1893 .
Forecasters initially predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas ; as such , a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse .
The Assyrian Genocide was committed against the Assyrian/Syriac population of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War .
Hamilton was the county town of Lanarkshire .
Valve Corporation is an American video game development and digital distribution company based in Bellevue , Washington , USA that was founded in 1996 , and made famous by its first product , Half-Life , which was released in November 1998 .
Li Bai is often regarded , along with Du Fu , as one of the two greatest poets in China 's literary history .
When Polgar refused to play under these conditions , FIDE declared that she had forfeited the title , and instead organized a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women 's World Chess Championship , which was won by Xie Jun. .
The band , while hugely successful in the United States , was less well known in their native UK and enjoyed only marginal success there .
Some of the MSN services affected by the rebranding included MSN Hotmail , which became Windows Live Hotmail ; MSN Messenger , which became Windows Live Messenger ; MSN Search , which became Live Search ; MSN Virtual Earth , which became Live Search Maps ; MSN Spaces , which became Windows Live Spaces ; MSN Alerts , which became Windows Live Alerts ; and MSN Groups , which became Windows Live Groups . Some other related services , such as MSN Direct , have remained a part of the MSN family without transitioning to Windows Live .
Kurt Ahrens , Jr.
Cage won and retained the title , but Abyss attacked him and stole the belt .
An article published in a German gynaecology journal in 1943 stated that women smoking three or more cigarettes per day were more likely to remain childless compared to nonsmoking women .
Due to streamlined controls , Crypto can shoot humans , use the jet pack , and activate Psychokinesis simultaneously .
Labalme is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Currently only implemented for determining if a number is within the precision that wikipedia expressions can handle .
Terry Gene Bollea , better known by his ring name Hulk Hogan , is a professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .
Lesotho , officially the Kingdom of Lesotho , is a landlocked country and enclave - entirely surrounded by the Republic of South Africa .
Damage to buildings , equipment and people can result from a large-scale short-duration deflagration .
Their land is very hilly and difficult , but well cultivated in terraces .
Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
She did not perform so well at the World alround championships in Heerenveen , where she finished fifth , but she managed to win the 2006 - 07 Speed Skating World Cup on the 3,000 and 5,000 m track .
Leonese language writer , was born in Palacios del Sil in 1918 and died in León in 2007 .
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saturday is considered either the sixth or seventh day of the week .
After reunification , the Linden Opera rejoined the operatic world .
In the last decades of his life , Dukas became well known as a teacher of composition , with many famous students including Joaquín Rodrigo , Manuel Ponce , Maurice Duruflé , Xian Xinghai , Olivier Messiaen , Jehan Alain , Carlos Chávez , and David Van Vactor .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
Bellengreville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Marcus Tullius Cicero was a Roman philosopher , statesman , lawyer , political theorist , and Roman constitutionalist .
Five years later , the family reunited in Fresno , where his mother , Takoohi , secured work at a cannery .
Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king .
This had been a quite sensitive topic since then , as Poland was concerned that a German government might seek to reclaim some of the former eastern territories .
Mysore also lends its name to the Mysore mallige , Mysore style of painting , the sweet dish Mysore Pak , Mysore Peta and the garment called the Mysore silk saree .
Although Milanković stated that the Russian Orthodox Church adopted the Revised Julian calendar in 1923 , the present church continues to use the Julian calendar for both its fixed festivals and for Easter .
Christopher Eccleston is an English stage , film and television actor .
Johnson went on to say `` You shaped the office of mayor .
He and his contemporary , Lev Kuleshov , two of the earliest film theorists , argued that montage was the essence of the cinema .
Reubens had not been in character for a year and a half but because CBS was still running reruns of Pee-wee 's Playhouse , Reubens ' infamous mugshot , which did not depict the clean-cut look Reubens had shown for the last decade shocked the public , many assuming the show had been canceled because of the arrest . The arrest was widely covered and both the character Pee-wee and Reubens became the subject of ridicule .
Six actors depict different facets of Dylan 's life and public persona : Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Marcus Carl Franklin , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Ben Whishaw .
Roman Catholic clergy wear a type of cape known as a ferraiolo , which is worn for formal events outside of a liturgical context .
Although Csupó had never worked on a live-action film before , it `` did n't worry Granat in the least '' .
Romania is a secular state , thus having no national religion .
The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid are greatest at the center , and decrease progressively with distance from the center .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 70.9 square miles , of which , 70.8 square miles of it is land and 0.1 square miles of it is water .
A-type asteroids are relatively uncommon inner-belt asteroids that have a strong , broad 1 µm olivine feature and a very reddish spectrum shortwards of 0.7 µm .
Based on molecular studies , it has been proposed that only be two subfamilies , Rubioideae and Cinchonoideae , are well supported .
V.A. Teplyakov was born in the Russian SFSR , USSR , on November 6 , 1925 .
Yunus 's marriage with Vera ended within months of the birth of their baby girl , Monica Yunus , as Vera returned to New Jersey claiming that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby .
In recent years , baseball caps have changed very little , although over time , the peak has enlarged slightly to further protect the player 's eyes from the sun .
Perhaps the first mélodies were those of Hector Berlioz ; he was certainly the first to use the term to describe his own compositions , and his song cycle Les nuits d' été is still considered an example of the genre .
Jerome is a city in Jerome County , Idaho , U.S.A. .
UNC Charlotte , although in Mecklenburg County , is actually located near Harrisburg and is easily accessible to Cabarrus residents via Interstate 85 .
The Football Association Challenge Cup , commonly known as the FA Cup , is a knockout cup competition in English football , run by and named after The Football Association .
The uniform for a male vice lord-lieutenant and for deputy lieutenants is of a similar style , but with features to distinguish it from that of a lord-lieutenant .
In 2003 , he returned to General Hospital as Luis ' twin brother , Lorenzo Alcazar , a powerful , well connected and shady mobster/tycoon .
The following year , Fey was added to the cast of SNL .
Allan Bennett , introduced him to Buddhism , while Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers , acting leader of the Golden Dawn organization , acted as his early mentor in western magic but would later become his enemy .
Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell .
The Deutsche Musikarchiv Berlin is the central collection of printed and recorded music and the music-bibliographic information center for Germany .
Veslud is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Carl Philipp Gottlieb von Clausewitz was a Prussian soldier , military historian and military theorist .
The initiative focused on strategic defense rather than the prior strategic offense doctrine of mutual assured destruction .
Initially very disorganized , surface pressures gradually decreased across the region , with a weak low pressure area developing on September 19 .
Appeal to Reason is Rise Against 's highest charting album , debuting at number three on the Billboard 200 chart and selling 64,700 copies in its first week of release .
Regular panelists in the Oxygen version included Jim J. Bullock , Jason Kravits , Amy Yasbeck , and Teri Garr .
For programs not available in HD , unique stylized pillarboxes are used , the NBA logo with `` NBA TV '' under it , or alternately , just `` NBA TV '' sideways .
Students are obligated to attend the central high school .
According to a quote by historian U.T Thakkur , `` When Chach , the Brahmim chamberlain who usurped the throne of Rajput King Sahasi II went to Brahmanabad , he enjoined upon the Jats and Lohanas not to carry swords , avoid velvet or silken cloth , ride horses without saddles and walk about bare-headed and bare-footed '' .
Ladakh is a region of Jammu and Kashmir , the northernmost state of the Republic of India . It lies between the Kunlun mountain range in the north and the main Great Himalayas to the south , inhabited by people of Indo-Aryan and Tibetan descent .
The sad state of turn-of-the-century labor is placed front and center for the American public to see , suggesting that something needed to be changed to get rid of American `` wage slavery '' .
Eva , whose real name is Evangeline St. Clare , is the daughter of Augustine St. Clare .
Bonham Carter received positive reviews as Lestrange , described as a `` shining but underused talent '' .
And if any of you can not use the money , I will see that you are all traded . ''
The underside is almost completely white , making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the surface .
Founded in 1906 by lawyer Gleason Archer , Sr. , Suffolk University was initially named Suffolk School of Law .
In the original plan , the dam was expected to provide 10 % of the electricity consumed in China . However , China 's demand for electricity has increased at a higher rate than was planned ; if it were fully operational now , it would support only about 3 % of China 's total electricity consumption .
Goussancourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
These surprisingly simple and useful appliances are seen in growing numbers in almost every country of the world .
Pavarotti returned to the festival in 1978 with a recital and as the Italian singer in Der Rosenkavalier , in 1983 with Idomeneo , and both in 1985 and 1988 with solo recitals .
The different schemes/architectures are named by the word RAID followed by a number , as in RAID 0 , RAID 1 , etc. .
The vehicle currently operating is an atmospheric drop test vehicle .
His father placed him in the care of Alexander Erskine , Earl of Mar , and out of the care of the boy 's mother , because James worried that the mother 's tendency toward Catholicism might affect the son .
Late in the season , the team was bought by Spyker .
The closest locality is Victoria , on the north side .
The Peshitta is the standard version of the Syriac Bible .
Bahrain is also known for its oil and pearls .
The following section gives an overview of the most important factors that determine the energy levels of atoms and molecules .
Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear and atomic physics .
It proposes the 30 Seconds to Mars among the best new rock artists .
During the storm , an earthquake shook the region .
It is named for General William Russell , a Revolutionary War soldier and frontier leader .
This estimate is for May 6 , 1996 , very close to perihelion , while details vary somewhat with the seasons .
Although this was not achieved , it led to the creation of 28 metropolitan boroughs as lower tier authorities to replace the various local vestries and boards in 1900 ; they assumed some powers of the LCC and shared others .
Critical reception for The Wild has been negative .
With Bruce left over as a result of the odd number of castaways , he was granted immunity and sent to Exile Island for three days until tribal council and would join the tribe that lost the next Immunity Challenge .
Mattimeo is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1989 .
In 1903 her father committed suicide and she returned to Independence to be with her mother .
Santiago is home of several universities including Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra and Universidad Tecnológica de Santiago .
He was part of the group of Chinese scholars called the `` Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup '' in a poem by fellow poet Du Fu .
If you do use such a `` lock '' please be responsive to any inquiries about the lock .
About 760 people live there and it has 10,92 km .
Introduced in 1983 , they followed American practice of modularisation .
Modern Hydro-electric dams can be viewed as the descendants of the water wheel as they too take advantage of the movement of water downhill .
Thus , higher hormone concentration alone can not trigger the negative feedback mechanism . Negative feedback must be triggered by overproduction of an `` effect '' of the hormone .
Lightning rods were embellished with ornamental glass balls .
Falconiformes is an order of birds of prey .
An Emaar spokesperson said `` The luxury finishes that were decided on in 2004 , when the tower was initially conceptualized , is now being replaced by upgraded finishes .
About 140,000 residents were relocated out of Hubei province to eastern provinces and some central provinces ; most of the remaining people were relocated within Hubei Province .
Built between 1175 and 1490 , Wells Cathedral has been described as `` the most poetic of the English Cathedrals '' .
Between September 22 and September 24 , a tropical storm tracked from Cuba northward to South Carolina .
Its seed is the castor bean which , despite its name , is not a true bean .
The third of nine children , Yunus was born on 28 June 1940 to a Muslim family in the village of Bathua , by the Boxirhat Road in Hathazari , Chittagong , then in Bengal Province of British India .
Do not edit the contents of this page .
The standard gauge is a widely-used rail gauge .
Though outnumbered , Henry 's Lancastrian forces decisively defeated Richard 's Yorkist army at the Battle of Bosworth Field on 22 August 1485 .
Recently , Knockout Entertainment announced a multi-million dollar album deal with Koch Records and Shaquille O'Neal 's `` Deja 34 '' entertainment company .
Treasure Island is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson .
Throughout the match , Sabu took the advantage over Cena as he performed a somersault leg drop , driving a steel chair onto Cena 's face .
Provinces are further divided into communes which are administered by a municipality .
For nonstandard adaptations of this template , please visit the Kelly Cup Playoffs section of the 2007 - 08 ECHL season page .
At the 2007 MKMF held on November 17 , 2007 , Younha won the Best New Solo Artist award .
A prominent pupil of Raphael , his stylistic deviations from high Renaissance classicism help define the 16th-century style known as Mannerism .
He also wrote the extensive cycles La nativité du seigneur and Les corps glorieux .
Bauska is a town in Bauska County , in the Zemgale region of southern Latvia .
It is at the Vauxhall Cross road junction opposite the southern approach to Vauxhall Bridge over the River Thames in the London district of Vauxhall .
Plaice are characterised by their smooth , brown skin , red spots and bony ridge behind the eyes .
Brito , real name Hércules de Brito Ruas , is a former football player from Brazil .
It lies on the A70 road to Ayr , and has approximately 800 inhabitants .
In March 2008 , The Weinstein Company announced its plans to produce a biopic of Bob Marley , based on the book No Woman No Cry : My Life With Bob Marley by Rita Marley .
James Christopher McMurray is an American race car driver .
It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad and is located at 25 22 ' 60N 68 25 ' 60E and lies to the east of the capital Hyderabad .
The event was captured in the successful 1970 documentary movie Woodstock , an accompanying , and Joni Mitchell 's song `` Woodstock '' which commemorated the event and became a major hit for Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young .
Dougherty disagreed , feeling that she was too young to have a baby , but he promised that they would revisit the subject when he returned home .
Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Maybe I wo n't get hired in some things .
Widmark 's first movie appearance was in 1947 's Kiss of Death , as the giggling , sociopathic villain Tommy Udo . His most notorious scene in the film found Udo pushing a wheelchair-using woman down a flight of stairs to her death .
It is also unknown which jellyfish species can cause Irukandji syndrome apart from Carukia barnesi and Malo kingi .
As his reward from the King , Radames pleads with him to spare the lives of the prisoners and to set them free .
Matthew Michael Hasselbeck is an American football quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League .
It is the capital of the province of Matera .
The short axis is the rotation axis .
Salvatore Bagni is a former Italian professional footballer .
On the one hand , it was a time of great artistic patronage and architectural magnificence , where the Church pardoned such artists as Michelangelo , Brunelleschi , Bramante , Raphael , Fra Angelico , Donatello , and da Vinci .
Aside from music , Lifeson is part owner of the Toronto restaurant The Orbit Room , and is a licensed aircraft pilot .
This allows a USB flash drive containing media files in a variety of formats to be played directly on devices which support the format .
When it was properly done , as in Austen , Whately said , imaginative literature concerned itself with generalised human experience from which the reader could gain important insights into human nature ; in other words , it was moral .
Since the pressure gradient normal to the flow within a boundary layer is approximately zero for low to moderate hypersonic Mach numbers , the increase of temperature through the boundary layer coincides with a decrease in density . Thus , the boundary layer over the body grows and can often merge with the thin shock layer .
There are economies to be made from mass production of the components , but each building comes with its own requirements like different number of floors , dimensions of the well and usage patterns .
The Victorian gold rush , which occurred in Australia in 1851 soon after the California gold rush , was the biggest of several Australian gold rushes .
It can be found in temperate and tropical zones .
Padmasambhava , The Lotus Born , was an Indian sage Guru and is said to have transmitted Tantric Buddhism to Bhutan and Tibet in the 8th century .
On August 11 , 2008 , eight weeks after debuting on the chart , `` I Kissed A Girl '' finally made it to number one .
John Gould was an English ornithologist .
Latvia and Poland attended the Summer Olympic Games for the first time .
Oats have numerous uses in food ; most commonly , they are rolled or crushed into oatmeal , or ground into fine oat flour .
They are limited to two color combinations so far , and can sing three new songs and dance .
Co-operatives received minimal supplies and even management were often drafted , whereas business opponents were able to have even clerks declared vital for the war effort .
A choral scholar is a student either at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university 's choir .
Some jumping spiders of the genus Portia hunt other spiders in ways that seem intelligent , outflanking their victims or luring them from their webs .
Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Orient is a city in Franklin County , Illinois , United States .
In June 2006 , approximately 26,486 people lived in Alice Springs with a total of 39,888 in the region .
Eventually , the DigiDestined defeat the Digimon Emperor , more commonly known as Ken Ichijouji on Earth , only with the great sacrifice of Ken 's own Digimon , Wormmon .
The queue is constantly receiving new requests and fulfilling and removing existing requests , and re-ordering the queue according to the current pending read/write requests and the changing position of the head .
Deepdale is a stadium in the Deepdale area of Preston , England , the home of Preston North End F.C. and England 's National Football Museum .
He is believed to have been buried in Tel Tzora in Israel overlooking the Sorek valley .
On a day that the Duke has invited Satine to his place for the evening , Satine insists that she must practice her lines with Christian , and they depart .
If this reaction does not take place , phenylalanine accumulates and tyrosine is deficient .
These ice skates were made of steel , with sharpened edges on the bottom to aid movement . The construction of modern ice skates has stayed largely the same .
Bromine production has increased sixfold since the 1960s . The largest bromine reserve in the United States is located in Columbia and Union County , Arkansas , U.S. China 's bromine reserves are located in the Shandong Province and Israel 's bromine reserves are contained in the waters of the Dead Sea .
Unlike most European languages , French has no stress at the level of the word , so stress marks should not be used in transcribing French words .
She showed a keen interest in science and visited the astronomer Tycho Brahe .
Nectar is an economically important item , the sugar source for honey .
Raúl Vicente Amarilla is a former Paraguayan football striker .
The degree was first awarded by Harvard University in the United States in the late 19th century as a degree similar to the old European doctor of law degree . Originating from the 19th century Harvard movement for the , it is the only American law degree that has a goal of being the primary professional preparation for lawyers and the only professional degree in law .
This code should be added at the bottom of the template code , with no extra space before '' '' .
Swimming pool heating costs can be significantly reduced by using a pool cover . Use of a pool cover also can help reduce the amount of chemicals required by the pool .
Screaming Life/Fopp is a compilation album by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
The first sharks looked very different from modern sharks .
Schinz was also curator of the natural history society of Zurich , and was the author of many important zoological works between 1824 and 1852 .
Jackals may occasionally assemble in small packs , for example to scavenge a carcass , but normally hunt alone or as a pair .
Those attempting to explain the anthropic principle often invoke ideas of multiple universes or an intelligent designer , both controversial and criticized for being untestable and therefore critics of the anthropic principle may point out that the anthropic principle is more of a philosophical concept , not a scientific one . One way to bypass the controversy is to emphasize the weak anthropic principle : '' ... conditions that are observed in the universe must allow the observer to exist . '' .
Wembley had opened in London only a few months earlier , the near-simultaneous development being a source of rivalry between the northern and southern divisions of builders Sir Robert McAlpine , who built both stadia .
Supporters of Sogyal Rinpoche state that lamas of the Nyingma school are not required to take vows of celibacy , and indeed Sogyal Rinpoche does not claim to be a celibate monk .
Common land types include hot springs , fumaroles and geysers .
In the outdated - Pseudoephedrine is also referred to as Pseudoephedrine and - Pseudoephedrine as Pseudoephedrine .
Yankee Stadium closed following the 2008 baseball season and the new stadium opened in 2009 .
Some jurisdictions outlaw the act of prostitution ; other countries do not prohibit prostitution itself , but ban the activities typically associated with it , making it difficult to engage in prostitution without breaking any law ; while in a few countries prostitution is legal and regulated .
Fedora 10 , codenamed Cambridge , was released on November 25 , 2008 .
It is found in most of central , and eastern South America proper , in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Suriname - , Paraguay , Peru , and Venezuela .
It was there that he met Philip Larkin , with whom he formed the most important friendship of his life .
Founded originally by the late Carlos Palanca , Sr. as La Tondeña , Inc. in 1902 in the district of Tondo , Manila , it manufactures a range of products and carries packaging innovations that satisfy the needs of its target consumers .
It advises various groups , including the government , on cancer-related issues , acts as an advocate for cancer patients and their families , and is a major funding contributor towards cancer research .
While photographing the city of the settlers , Ricardo showed the inhumanity and cruelty of colonialism .
The name is derived from Ancient Greek λεπίδος and πτερόν .
Other beetles are highly specialised in their diet . Many species of leaf beetles , longhorn beetles , and weevils are very host specific , feeding on only a single species of plant .
The same name was chosen for the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Göttingen .
Saint-Rem èze is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
William Pitt , the Younger was a British politician of the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries .
Some endings are exclusive to certain characters , while others can be achieved by more than one .
Olmec-style sculptures include a possible colossal head , petroglyphs and others .
Sony Music Entertainment is the second-largest global recorded music company of the `` big four '' record companies and is controlled by Sony Corporation of America .
Origin of the name Patnitop is a distortion of the original name of `` Patan Da Talab '' meaning `` Pond of the Princess '' .
In earlier times , they frequently lived on the outskirts of communities , generally in squalor .
Suddenly , Erda the earth goddess , a primeval goddess older than Wotan , appears out of the ground .
After breaking at Appleby Line atop the Niagara Escarpment due to the presence of the Crawford Lake Conservation Area , the road resumes just east of Guelph Line and continues until the Milborough Townline on the boundary between Milton and Hamilton .
Papilioninae is a subfamily of the butterfly family Papilionidae .
The Gospel of Luke lacks a mention of Andrew .
The name comes from the Greek term gymnos meaning naked .
He went on to win the trophy the next two seasons as well .
He is also credited under Seth E. Adkins .
In 1960 , he was awarded the Nobel Prize in chemistry for this work .
Most soy protein is a relatively heat-stable storage protein . This heat stability enables soy food products requiring high temperature cooking , such as tofu , soy milk and textured vegetable protein to be made .
Informally , the law was first formulated by Germain Hess via Hess 's Law , and later by Julius Robert von Mayer The first explicit statement of the first law of thermodynamics was given by Rudolf Clausius in 1850 : `` There is a state function E , called ` energy ' , whose differential equals the work exchanged with the surroundings during an adiabatic process . ''
Because of the difference in geography in China , many qin schools known as qin pai developed over the centuries .
Limpets move by rippling the muscles of their foot in a wave-like motion .
Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
The Brundtland Commission , formally the World Commission on Environment and Development , known by the name of its Chair Gro Harlem Brundtland , was convened by the United Nations in 1983 . The commission was created to address growing concern `` about the accelerating deterioration of the human environment and natural resources and the consequences of that deterioration for economic and social development . ''
Detailed information on TPZs and related topics is available at minimal cost from organizations like the International Society for Arboriculture .
There is also a smaller area that drains directly into the Lake Lugano .
From 1990 to 1994 , he was music director of the Orchestra of St. Luke 's .
Native numbers are used for numbers one through ten .
To resolve the problem , Symantec has issued a fix intended for users before upgrading .
21 , and by his first performance , on 17 March 1830 , at the National Theater , of his Piano Concerto No. 1 in E minor , Op .
`` Waltzing Matilda '' is Australia 's most widely known bush ballad , a country folk song , and has been referred to as `` the unofficial national anthem of Australia '' .
A partial cranium and mandible of Paranthropus robustus was discovered in 1938 by a schoolboy , Gert Terblanche , at Kromdraai B in South Africa .
Analysis of her visions is problematic since the main source of information on this topic is the condemnation trial transcript in which she defied customary courtroom procedure about a witness 's oath and specifically refused to answer every question about her visions .
They were all withdrawn and scrapped after only twelve years of service .
Kalona is a city in Washington County , Iowa , United States .
Heikki Johannes Kovalainen is a Finnish Formula One racing driver who spent the 2008 and 2009 seasons with British based team Vodafone McLaren Mercedes , and will drive for the new Lotus F1 Racing team for the 2010 campaign .
Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s , and was soon in demand in Europe and the Americas .
It was named in honor of Saint Thomas by Portuguese explorers who happened to arrive at the island on his feast day .
Access to cigarettes was not allowed for the Wehrmacht 's female auxiliary personnel .
Miller 's return to Ibrox means he is one of only a few players to cross the Old Firm divide twice .
The press separated the greasy cocoa butter from cacao seeds , leaving a purer and less fattening chocolate powder behind .
On June 2 , 1986 , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft , but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati , opting instead to enroll at Mississippi State where he developed as a pitcher .
For every 100 females there were 95.7 males .
Alternatively , when a Royal Licence is granted for a transfer of arms , the change of the surname of the transferee to that of the transferor may be permitted by the Licence itself , with no need of a deed poll .
Montagoudin is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Gallo is a Romance language , one of the oïl languages .
Wyclif 's Bible is the name now given to a group of Bible translations into Middle English that were made under the direction of , or at the instigation of , John Wycliffe .
The World Health Organization classifies lindane as `` Moderately Hazardous , '' and its international trade is restricted and regulated under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent .
Windows Vista Service Pack 1 was released for sale on February 4 , 2008 , alongside Windows Server 2008 to OEM partners , it was a five-month beta test period .
His RADA classmates included actors Susannah York , Albert Finney and Peter O'Toole , but Epstein dropped out after the third term .
More recently he posted on NIN.com that new material can be expected from Nine Inch Nails in 2010 as well as something that is not Nine Inch Nails .
Peter Rosenkrands Løvenkrands is a Danish international footballer who plays for Newcastle United .
It is the fifth book in the Redwall series .
Urby Emanuelson is a Dutch footballer of Surinamese descent who currently plays as a left winger for AFC Ajax , he is also suitable to play as a left midfielder or left back .
When Idamante asks his father why he sends him away , Idomeneo can only reply that the youth must leave .
After winning this cup , Gimnasia was invited to participate on the Sanwa Bank Cup in 1994 .
Miller made his second debut for the club on 30 July 2008 in a UEFA Champions League qualifier against FBK Kaunas , who he played during his first Rangers debut .
The island was named for Captain Charles J. Johnston , commanding officer of , who claimed its official discovery on December 14 , 1807 .
St. Joe is a town in Searcy County , Arkansas , United States .
`` Sugar , We 're Goin Down '' is a song by Fall Out Boy . The song is released as the first single from their third album From Under the Cork Tree .
Months prior to arriving in Jerilderie , and with help from Joe Byrne , Ned Kelly dictated a lengthy letter for publication describing his view of his activities and the treatment of his family and , more generally , the treatment of Irish Catholics by the police and the English and Irish Protestant squatters .
Phosgene is the chemical compound with the formula COCl2 .
The town is home to the University of Aarhus , Aarhus School of Business , Aarhus Technical College , The Danish School of Journalism , the Royal Academy of Music in Aarhus , VIA University College and the Engineering College of Aarhus and several other high-end education centres .
Construction of the Suez Canal was preceded by cutting a small fresh-water canal from the Nile delta along Wadi Tumilat to the future canal , with a southern branch to Suez and a northern branch to Port Said . Completed in 1863 , these brought fresh water to a previously arid area , initially for canal construction , and subsequently facilitating growth of agriculture and settlements along the canal .
The Chaldean Catholic Church presently comprises an estimated 2.5 million Chaldean Christians .
I. A hurricane passed through North Carolina on August 2 .
Pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of Russia about east from the Estonian border , on the Velikaya River .
Most notably , alternative metal bands are characterized by heavy guitar riffs ; typically , these riffs have a pronounced experimental edge , including unconventional lyrics , odd time signatures , more syncopation than typical metal , unusual technique , a resistance to conventional approaches to heavy music and an incorporation of a wide range of influences outside of the metal music scene .
Columbus is home to The Ohio State Buckeyes college football team .
Under the Charities Act 1993 , the Tate is an exempt charity accountable directly to Government rather than the Charities Commission for financial returns etc. .
The districts of Somerset are West Somerset , South Somerset , Taunton Deane , Mendip and Sedgemoor . The two administratively independent unitary authorities , which were established on 1 April 1996 following the break up of the county of Avon , are North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset .
This hurricane moved north-northwest from the Bahamas on September 25 to hit Charleston , South Carolina on September 27 .
In this book she introduced the now-universal practice of listing the ingredients and suggested cooking times with each recipe .
He donated a portion of his Nobel winnings `` to establish a fund to support and encourage new fiction writers , '' eventually resulting in the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction .
In the Republic of Ireland , lemonade refers to the carbonated , lemon-flavored soft drink but is further sub-divided into white lemonade and red lemonade .
Possible mechanisms for the latter include large or multiple bolide impact events , increased volcanism , or sudden release of methane hydrates from the sea floor ; gradual changes include sea-level change , anoxia , increasing aridity , and a shift in ocean circulation driven by climate change .
Moisture generally refers to the presence of water , often in trace amounts .
The most conspicuous geographical feature of Thuringia is the Thuringian Forest , a mountain chain in the southwest .
She is best known for her long-running role as Bart Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons . Cartwright voices other characters for the show , including Nelson Muntz , Ralph Wiggum , Todd Flanders , Kearney and Database .
The discovery images were taken on May 15 , 2005 and May 18 , 2005 ; the moons were independently discovered by Max J. Mutchler on June 15 , 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15 , 2005 .
According to myth , the first Vietnamese people were descended from the Dragon Lord Lạc Long Quân and the Immortal Fairy Âu Cơ .
Charles Obadiah `` Chuck '' Baldwin is an American politician and founder-pastor of Crossroad Baptist Church in Pensacola , Florida .
Miguel Ángel Lotina Oruechebarría is a Spanish football manager and former footballer .
Soon every gathering was an ' - In ' of some kind : Rowan and Martin 's Laugh-In comedy television show began airing over NBC just a year later , January 22 , 1968 .
He has been selected as an All-Star ten times , and he has won the Silver Slugger and Gold Glove awards on four occasions .
In his penultimate year there , he was introduced to rock climbing and mountaineering by a master , R. L. G. Irving , who took a small number of pupils climbing in the Alps each year .
In the United States , scolds or those convicted of similar offences could be sentenced to stand with their tongue in cleft stick , a more primitive but easier to construct version of the scold 's bridle , but the ducking stool also made the trip across the Atlantic .
It moved westward across the unfavorable Atlantic Ocean and crossed Central America into the Pacific on the 28th .
Kerberos is a computer network authentication protocol , which allows nodes communicating over a non-secure network to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner .
Linear perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle , to the viewer 's eye .
Pleine-Selve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The 1969 - 70 NHL season was the 53rd season of the National Hockey League .
Most mosques in the United States , for example , report receiving non-Muslim visitors every month .
He later served in the Vietnam War , commanding a River Patrol Unit in the Mekong Delta .
He remained in office until his death in 1642 ; he was succeeded by Jules Cardinal Mazarin , whose career he fostered .
Six hours after becoming a depression , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha , the second named storm of the season .
As Isolde arrives at his side , Tristan dies with her name on his lips .
Bundala was designated a wildlife sanctuary in 1969 and redesignated to a national park on 4 January 1993 . In 1991 Bundala became the first wetland to be declared as a Ramsar site in Sri Lanka .
It may be seen all year in southern Florida .
Bald in the English name is derived from the word piebald , and refers to the white head and tail feathers and their contrast with the darker body .
The collection includes local textile work as well as religious artifacts .
At night the children ask their father to tell them a story , Ilea asks for Hercules to tell her about when he and Deianeira first met .
Originally designated 916 ΣI , it was renamed ' 916 America ' on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to commemorate `` the friendly relations of the astronomical observatories and astronomers '' .
Cucurbitaceae is a plant family commonly known as melons , gourds or cucurbits and includes crops like cucumbers , squashes , luffas , melons and watermelons .
To complete the requirements for a Diplom , one must pass the examinations for the Hauptstudium that follow the Vordiplom , complete one or sometimes more than one Studienarbeit , and write a Diplomarbeit .
Scelidosaurus is a genus of quadrupedal , lightly plated , herbivorous dinosaur about 4 m long .
Today osechi may refer to anything prepared specially for the New Year , and some foreign dishes have been adopted as `` Westernized osechi '' or as `` Chinese-style osechi '' .
NBC has me under contract ; the baby and I have only a verbal agreement . ''
In 1925 , he shot his first Armenian film and moved to Armenia .
Houthulst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
A spherically closed membrane contains water and is a hypothetical precursor to the modern cell membrane .
This diagram is recommended for common use as a main diagram in the articles on chess openings , endings , games , positions etc. .
Trans is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
James Houssemayne Du Boulay is said to have ascribed a direct relationship between the fear of a Ghadarite uprising in the midst of an increasingly tensed situation in Punjab , and the British response that ended in the massacre .
The nasal opening of a gharial is smaller than the supra-temporal fossae .
Tramp is married to Indonesian actress Ayu Azhari , with whom he has two children : Isabelle and Lennon .
Songs released by Keane .
Smoking was also outlawed in schools .
It is surrounded by the strongly glaciated Zillertaler Alpen to the south and east , the lower grass peaks of the Kitzbüheler Alpen to the east and Tuxer Alpen to the west .
The Prefect of Police of Marseilles , Jouhannaud , was subsequently removed from office .
It is the seat of the Ostalbkreis district , and its largest town .
Deportivo Alavés B is the filial team of Deportivo Alavés .
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material copied from the Document , you may at your option designate some or all of these sections as invariant .
The current constitution dates from 1997 .
Value and price are not equivalent terms in economics , and theorising the specific relationship of value to market price has been a challenge for both liberal and Marxist economists .
It is an advantage for such potential prey to advertise their status in a way clearly perceptible to their predators ; this is called aposematic or warning coloration .
Three players regularly form a side in indoor shorted courts .
Westerners may face significant obstacles in obtaining saffron from India .
In ancient Arabian folklore , the ghūl dwells in burial grounds and other uninhabited places .
When suitable prey arrives near a dragon 's ambush site , it will suddenly charge at the animal and go for the underside or the throat .
Major branches of yoga in Hindu philosophy include Raja Yoga , Karma Yoga , Jnana Yoga , Bhakti Yoga , and Hatha Yoga .
They received considerable support from Minister of Defense Gustav Noske , a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany , who used them to crush the German Revolution and the Marxist Spartacist League , including the murder of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg on 15 January 1919 .
Stephen was born at Blois in France , son of Stephen , Count of Blois , and Adela of England , the daughter of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders .
Varuna has a rotational period of approximately 3.17 hours .
Thomas Linke is a former German professional footballer , who played as a central defender , mostly for FC Bayern Munich .
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished .
It was one of the first three Nicktoons and also aired on Nick Jr. in 1995 .
In August 1990 , he won his first major championship , the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship , from Jushin Liger .
It is 210km long with 7,710 km watershed .
Physical custody involves the day-to-day care of a child and establishes where a child will live .
Cheung suffered serious depression and eating disorders after the break-up with Tse .
If a child lives with both parents , each parent shares `` joint physical custody '' and each parent is said to be a `` custodial parent '' .
Frank Gardiner An Australia bushranger of the 19th century .
Robinson became the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on 12 September 1997 , resigning the Presidency a few weeks early with the approval of Irish political parties in order to take up the post .
Starting in the twentieth century , in addition to repression that impacted individual Bahá ' ís , centrally-directed campaigns that targeted the entire Bahá ' í community and institutions were initiated . In one case in Yazd in 1903 more than 100 Bahá ' ís were killed .
After Kagome travels back through time and reappears fifty years after Kikyo 's death , an ogress tries to pull her reincarnated soul into a clay body made with Kikyo 's bones and ashes . Kagome appears to suffer no permanent harm , but a small part of her soul detaches and reanimates the new body with Kikyo 's memories , personality , and human appearance .
The reason for deletion is shown in the summary below , along with details of the users who had edited this page before deletion .
In 1677 , Henry Coggeshall created a two-foot folding rule for timber measure , called the Coggeshall slide rule .
Hurricane Nicole never directly affected land and no damage was reported in association with it .
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is a children 's television series , that premiered in prime time on Disney Channel on May 5 , 2006 .
These professional ninja were actively hired by daimyos between 1485 and 1581 , until Oda Nobunaga invaded Iga province and wiped out the organized clans .
Male lord-lieutenants receive an allowance for the ceremonial uniform , worn when receiving members of the royal family and on other formal occasions .
The province relies on tobacco farming , with Pinar del Río producing 70 % of Cuba 's crop , used to make the cigars that are so prized overseas .
Later , this successively became Ke Vinh , Vinh Giang , Vinh Doanh , and then Vinh Thi . Eventually , in 1789 , the official name became simply Vinh , probably under European influence .
Hiroshi Soejima is a former Japanese football player .
Roquefort-sur-Garonne is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in south-western France .
Lansac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Trescault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Samekh and Mem form the abbreviation for the Angel of Death , whose name in Hebrew is Samael .
The game employed diagonal linesat the table 's corners to regions where counts were restricted , thus `` cutting off four triangular spaces in the four corners , away 28 inches of the ` nursing ' surface of the end rails and 56 inches on the long rails . ''
Adolph Frederick Rupp was one of the most successful coaches in the history of American college basketball .
The show was based in part on the life of its creator , Joanna Johnson , a former cast member of The Bold and the Beautiful .
She was a key member of the USSR team that dominated the women 's Olympiads of the 1980s and , when Georgia achieved independence from the Soviet Union in 1990 , she played board 1 for the new Georgian national team that won four gold medals , in 1992 , 1994 , 1996 and 2008 .
Dracula is an 1897 novel by Irish author Bram Stoker , featuring as its primary antagonist the vampire Count Dracula .
Although Austen 's works were republished beginning in late 1832 or early 1833 by Richard Bentley in the Standard Novels series , and remained in print continuously thereafter , they were not bestsellers .
The city has two universities : the University of Leeds received its charter in 1904 having developed from the Yorkshire College which was founded in 1874 and the Leeds School of Medicine of 1831 , and Leeds Metropolitan University became a university in 1992 but can trace its roots to the Mechanics Institute of 1824 .
This song achieved the # 1 spot on three major TV music rankingsSBS Inkigayo , M.net M. Countdown !
These incidents often demonstrated a lack of respect for the rules of the Geneva Conventions and their protection symbols .
Hermia informs her friend Helena , but Helena has recently been rejected by Demetrius and decides to win back his favor by revealing the plan to him . Demetrius , followed doggedly by Helena , chases Hermia .
At Backlash , the original main event match was between Chris Benoit and Shawn Michaels for the World Heavyweight Championship .
When belaying for a partner who is significantly heavier , it is advisable for the belayer to create an anchor point for him - or herself before allowing the climber to lead a route . This will not prevent a fall but will prevent the falling climber from counter-balancing the belayer during a fall and causing a `` take off '' where the belayer is launched into the air or towards the rock .
A memorial and large pine tree mark the site of Wilson 's grave , from which there are views of the town .
She remains the youngest winner in American Idol history .
The county was formed on April 17 , 1881 , from parts of Orange County and Wake County , taking the name of its own county seat .
Merkel is the first woman , the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest post-war German chancellor .
Torrential rain in January 2007 took about six weeks to reach the lake but put only a small amount of water into it .
Ceramic forming techniques include shaping by hand , slip casting , tape casting , injection moulding , dry pressing , and other variations .
Opt-out stations were established in Inverness & Aberdeen in 1976 , followed by Orkney & Shetland in 1977 , and Selkirk & Dumfries in 1983 .
Home games are played at the AWD-Arena , which hosted matches in the 1974 and 2006 World Cups and the Euro 1996 .
In `` Social Capital and Development : The Coming Agenda '' , Francis Fukuyama points out that there is n't an agreed definition of social capital , so he explains it as `` shared norms or values that promote social cooperation , instantiated in actual social relationships '' , and uses this definition throughout this paper . He argues that social capital is a necessary precondition for successful development , but a strong rule of law and basic political institutions are necessary to build social capital .
The House of Tudor produced five English monarchs who ruled during this period .
The source of these fawns , from the Eastern United States , was the impetus for the transformation of Felix Salten 's roe deer to white-tailed deer .
The history of chess , specifically that of Western Chess , spans some 1500 years .
Circular slide rules also eliminate `` off-scale '' calculations , because the scales were designed to `` wrap around '' ; they never have to be re-oriented when results are near 1.0 the rule is always on scale .
The song the girls performed was called `` Into the New World '' , which became their first single .
Pakistan is also an important member of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference .
A few scholars , most prominently Christopher Beckwith and Roy Andrew Miller , argue that Chinese is not related to Tibeto-Burman .
In 2001 , the Ultra Series was cited in the Guinness Book of World Records as the record-holder for the most number of spin-off shows .
The government of Quebec awards an order of merit called the National Order of Quebec .
With her childhood idol being Kelly Chen , she incorporates `` Kelly '' into her nickname .
In the `` Government of National Concentration '' headed by Hitler , the Nazis were in the minority .
He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games from 1949 to 1954 , was the recipient of the inaugural MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 , and won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 - the first black player so honored .
Drifting northwestward through Texas , Tropical Depression Erin maintained an area of convection near the center , with its widespread but scattered rainbands dropping moderate to heavy precipitation .
They were given free rein to improvise the material .
Domestically , Chávez has maintained nationwide Bolivarian Missions , whose goals are to combat disease , illiteracy , malnutrition , poverty , and other social ills .
Among the most well known of Maharaj-ji 's disciples were Ram Dass , the author of Remember Be Here Now , teacher/performer Bhagavan Das , Lama Surya Das , the author of `` Awakening the Buddha Within , '' and the musicians Jai Uttal and Krishna Das .
The British Rail Class 302 was a type of electric multiple unit introduced between 1958 - 1960 for outer suburban passenger services on the London , Tilbury and Southend Railway route .
Giza saw much attention in particular to its vast amount of ancient Egyptian monuments found on the Giza Plateau , and has astonished thousands of visitors and tourists over the years .
Vithoba , also known as Vitthala and Panduranga , is a Hindu god , worshipped predominantly in the Indian states of Maharashtra , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh .
Kim is the first female skater to surpass the 200-point mark and also the first female skater to receive +2.20 grade of execution for jumps under the ISU Judging System .
It is a dialect of the Siraiki language .
Dried lavender flowers have become recently popular for wedding confetti .
Sexual intercourse , also known as copulation or coitus , commonly refers to the act in which the male reproductive organ enters the female reproductive tract .
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt é .
Manchester Velodrome is an indoor cycle-racing track in Manchester , in the north west of England .
On Scarborough , rations were not deliberately withheld , but a reported mutiny attempt led to the convicts being closely confined below decks .
Ulan Bator , the capital and largest city , is home to about 38 % of the population .
Aron Mohamed Winter is a retired Dutch football midfielder .
The German Magister was originally a graduate degree , in 1899 a second first degree , the Diplom , was introduced when the Technische Hochschulen received university status .
There are an estimated five to six million Bahá ' ís around the world in more than 200 countries and territories .
This is a category of video games for the PlayStation Portable console .
A hurricane struck the island of Dominica on September 20 , bringing heavy winds and a 12 ft storm surge that devastated the capital of Roseau ; 230 people are believed to have been killed by the hurricane 's onslaught .
Mogadishu is the largest city in Somalia and the nation 's capital .
The name Proterozoic comes from the Greek `` earlier life '' .
After von Richthofen 's death in April 1918 , Hauptmann Wilhelm Reinhard became JG 1 Commanding Officer .
A few companies produce value added hemp seed items that include the seed oils , whole hemp grain , hulled hemp seed , hemp flour , hemp cake and hemp protein powder .
Feather Linux contains GTK + applications , such as AbiWord and Pidgin .
Rivers and his parents come together to support Uncle Daddy .
The Aristocats is an animated feature produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 .
The second work was a collaboration with an older and already renowned artist , Masolino da Panicale , and for many years it was assumed Masaccio was simply an apprentice to Masolino .
The University of Minnesota , Twin Cities is a public research university located in Minneapolis and St. Paul , Minnesota , United States .
The group used to have several members , but currently only Akko the vocalist , remains .
Genappe is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Bilan represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with `` Never Let You Go '' , finishing second , and he won the contest in 2008 , with the song `` Believe '' .
Its area is only 1.4 km , but it is famous for Neolithic findings and rare birds .
Villemotier is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
After a few such asteroids were discovered , the rule was established that the point was the `` Greek camp '' , while the point was the `` Trojan camp '' , though not before each camp had acquired a `` spy '' .
To speed up the evacuations , authorities used contraflow lane reversal on Interstate 10 leading west of New Orleans , as well as on Interstate 55 and 59 leading north from the city .
This , however , is not always the case , as the 2006 event had the match in the middle of the pay-per-view .
In Canada , some provincial-level government departments are called `` ministries '' but most , along with their federal analogs , are termed `` departments . ''
The Proterozoic is a geological eon representing a period before the first abundant complex life on Earth .
It is estimated that at least 100 people lost their lives , mostly due to mudslides , including five persons in Havana .
However , recent research has confirmed that it is still extant in Pakistani Kashmir .
Couvron-et-Aumencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Caribert , Count of Laon , was the maternal grandfather of Charlemagne .
`` She had no techniques .
Norbert Nigbur is a former German international football player .
Chanoz-Ch âtenay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Clients listed on a light purple background are no longer in active development .
Film editing took ten weeks , while post-production , music mixing , and visual effects took several months .
Worf was at first not intended to be a regular character , since Roddenberry wanted to avoid `` retreads of characters or races featured prominently in the original Star Trek series '' , and so the June 1 , 1987 cast portrait did not include Worf . Several `` tall , slim , black actors '' auditioned for Worf before Michael Dorn came along , walking into the audition in character and not smiling .
There are three styles of gloves worn by ice hockey players .
Adobe Illustrator is the companion product of Adobe Photoshop .
The School enjoys a national reputation and has been positively evaluated by the Center for the Study of Educational Alternatives at Hofstra University .
The publisher organizes literary , musical and artistic events especially in Upper Austria and Salzburg , to a lesser extent also in Vienna .
The 2008 UEFA Cup Final was the 37th final of the UEFA Cup , UEFA 's second tier club football tournament .
He plays as a center and Fullback .
He was appointed Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005 by new Conservative Leader David Cameron , and resigned as editor of The Spectator soon afterwards .
Baluchi and Siraiki were also spoken in all parts of the District .
In April 2007 , Matt Lee started his own label , Muffin Music , and released a promotional mix for it .
Players typically serve overhead , but it may be performed underhand .
A month later , in November , Billie Holiday returned to the Decca studio to record three songs , `` That Ole Devil Called Love '' , `` Big Stuff '' , and `` Dont Explain '' .
The fruit of the other species is not an important crop in most areas , being extremely sour and woody , and is rarely eaten raw for this reason .
Chang ` an literally means `` Perpetual Peace '' in Classical Chinese .
The first championship defense of WrestleMania was between The Junkyard Dog and the reigning WWF Intercontinental Champion Greg Valentine , who was accompanied to the ring by his manager Jimmy Hart .
England and Manchester City fans alike have fond memories of the football talents of Colin Bell , and many other great players have highlighted Bell as one of the best . In his foreword to Colin Bell 's autobiography , Bobby Charlton has stated that ` Colin Bell was unquestionably a great player ' .
Later Linux matured and it became possible for Linux to be developed under itself . Also GNU applications replaced all MINIX ones because , with code from the GNU system freely available , it was advantageous if this could be used with the fledgling OS .
A driver 's license , driver license , driver licence , or driving licence is an official document which states that a person may operate a motorized vehicle , such as a motorcycle , car , truck or a bus .
On such systems three octal digits per byte would be required , with the most significant octal digit representing two binary digits .
Rob Bowman and Alex Proyas were also rumored , though Proyas personally turned it down .
The following spring , her debut album `` Say Greetings '' was released .
Individuals seeking membership must be legally defined as adults in their nation of residence .
The theory of relativity encompasses Einstein 's theories of special and general relativity .
During the Triassic , almost all the Earth 's land mass was concentrated into a single supercontinent centered more or less on the equator , called Pangaea .
Rationalist Unitarianism is distinguished from Deism by its belief in a personal deity who directly acts on creation , while Deists see God as holding aloof from creation .
Nathi Gali has a mini bazzar .
In about 1895 , William Doble improved on Pelton 's half-cylindrical bucket form with an elliptical bucket that included a cut in it to allow the jet a cleaner bucket entry .
Such diagnostic applications used during pregnancy are referred to as obstetric sonography .
He was music director of the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra from 1971 to 1979 .
However , PLM is not a perfect institution , and the university had been criticized in the past for the ` reconsideration ' cases , wherein some students who failed to meet the university 's standards for retention were readmitted because of the so-called ` backers ' .
The album version features rap vocals by David Jassy .
The Unification Church is a new religious movement founded by Korean religious leader Sun Myung Moon .
There is not a defined line between these disciplines .
If Baekje was limited to the southwestern corner of the Korean peninsula , then it would have been impossible for the Balhae to occupy any of the old Baekje territories .
The 1985 documentary film Kerouac , the Movie starts and ends with footage of Jack Kerouac reading from On the Road as Allen accompanies on soft jazz piano from The Steve Allen Plymouth Show in 1959 .
In contrast to Ophelia is Dinah , who operates on passion .
Born Marcelle Taillefesse at Saint-Maur-des-Foss és , Val-de-Marne , France , as a young woman she changed her last name to `` Tailleferre '' to spite her father who had refused to support her musical studies .
In 2006 , Marvel Toys released a line of Code Lyoko toys and action figures . In July 2007 , Carl 's Jr. had a kids ' meal toy promotion for Code Lyoko .
It was not until 1965 at the National Invitation Pocket Billiards Championship , seven years after his last first place finish , that he would repeat as champion in a sanctioned tournament .
Amplier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
She mixed with the literary and social elites of London society , and her acquaintances included Samuel Johnson , Edmund Burke , Hester Thrale Piozzi , and William Windham .
At the 2000 census the population was 5,152 .
Beugnâtre is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Some mosques will even rent convention centers or other large public buildings to hold the large number of Muslims who attend .
Candomblé is an African-originated or Afro-Brazilian religion , practiced chiefly in Brazil by the `` povo de santo '' .
Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture .
Consequently , mosque architects borrowed the shape of the bell tower for their minarets , which were used for essentially the same purpose - calling the faithful to prayer .
Members of one subspecies differ morphologically or by different coding sequences of a peptide from members of other subspecies of the species . Subspecies are defined in relation to species .
In December 2005 , Coe was given a Special award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony .
Oases also provide habitat for animals and even humans if the area is big enough .
Pahari is a general terms for a range of languages and dialects spoken across the Himalayan range , not limited to a single country in the subcontinent .
He took over the role of offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills .
They differed from class 202 by the substitution of a trailer buffet car for one of the three trailer second opens in all the earlier units .
It is a part of the Pacific Ocean and covers an area of 1,249,000 km .
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's controversial comments , which included questioning the dimension of the Holocaust , have sparked discussions concerning Freiburg 's partnership with Isfahan .
The University of California , Riverside , is located in the northeast of the city . Other attractions in the area include Riverside Metropolitan Museum , which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history , the California Museum of Photography and the California Citrus State Historic Park .
Leonov believes the first boom he heard was that of the jet breaking the sound barrier , and the second was Gagarin 's plane crashing .
The remnants of Grace became completely indistinguishable by the next day .
Julius Streicher was not a member of the military and did not take part in planning the Holocaust , or the invasion of other nations .
A video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a projection screen using a lens system .
It has an all-seated capacity of 10,673 .
The Italians also had armored vehicles , artillery , and , most important , superior air support .
A peace accord signed in 1997 led to the disarmament of the Shanti Bahini and enabled the PCJSS to return to mainstream politics .
Torsten Frings is a German football midfielder who plays for Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga .
Mauro Geraldo Galvão , best known as Mauro Galvão is a former Brazilian football player and current manager .
VIZ Media has begun to release the series again with a 2nd edition .
Dostoevsky , whose work is often considered a philosophical precursor to existentialism , often expressed a similar concern in his novels .
The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword , a variation of the long samurai sword .
Cotton Mather was a socially and politically influential New England Puritan minister , prolific author and pamphleteer , who is often remembered for his connection to the Salem witch trials .
In 1877 `` Vacheron & Constantin , Fabricants , Geneve '' became the official name of the company .
In the late 1990s , however , Indonesia was the country hardest hit by the East Asian Financial Crisis which led to popular protests and Suharto 's resignation on 21 May 1998 .
Tokelau lies in the Pacific typhoon belt .
Since 2 March 1987 , ARIA administered its own entirely peer-voted ARIA Music Awards , to `` recognize excellence and innovation in all genres of Australian music '' with an annual ceremony . Initially included in the same awards ceremonies , it established the ARIA Hall of Fame in 1988 and has held separate annual ceremonies since 2005 .
A user with a flag is said to be a member of that flag 's ` user group ' , giving them certain ` permissions ' and the use of certain features of the software .
Approximately 22 investitures are held annually in Buckingham Palace , one or two at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh and one in Cardiff .
He was a supporter of the great Spanish queen , Isabel I of Castile , and actively participated on her side in the civil war that broke out against her half-brother , Enrique IV , when the latter attempted to make his daughter , Juana , crown princess .
Marais ' music figured prominently in that film , including his longer work Sonnerie de Ste-Genevi ève du Mont-de-Paris .
Her next film was Gentlemen Prefer Blondes co-starring Jane Russell and directed by Howard Hawks .
She asks Radames to deny the accusations , but Radames refuses .
His campaigns of reconquest culminated in the Battle of Kadesh , where he led Egyptian armies against those of the Hittite king Muwatalli II and was caught in history 's first recorded military ambush , but thanks to the arrival of the Ne'arin , Ramesses was able to rally his troops and turn the tide of battle against the Hittites .
The name water bear comes from the way they walk , reminiscent of a bear 's gait .
Montchâlons is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This category consists of succession templates related to London Underground .
He stated that the excision should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed , which included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor .
Sir Charles Lyell , 1st Baronet , Kt FRS was a British lawyer and the foremost geologist of his day .
He is accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity .
Trélou - sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The author has recently stated that a movie is in the works .
With increasing reports of the harmful effects DEET has on humans , there has been a gradual move to rely on repellents that are devoid of it , specifically to repellents that are organic and otherwise are of the kind that have had traditional household purposes prior to their becoming used now more often as mosquito repellents .
It was adopted in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st Prime Minister of Ceylon , The Rt Hon D.S. Senanayake .
Also during the war , in 1940 , he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society .
About 130 curse tablets have been found at Aquae Sulis , where many of the curses related to thefts of clothes whilst the victim was bathing .
Wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .
All chicks in the brood leave the nest within two days of each other . The altricial chicks are naked and have their eyes closed for the first few days after hatching .
Laiz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The United States presidential election of 1980 featured a contest between incumbent Democrat Jimmy Carter and his Republican opponent , Ronald Reagan , as well as Republican Congressman John B. Anderson , who ran as an independent .
They are best known for their 1989 hit singles `` She Drives Me Crazy '' and `` Good Thing '' .
During this time she coached violin with Jaime Laredo , and studied chamber music with Felix Galimir and Gary Graffman .
Ferney-Voltaire is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Lucario sacrificed himself in order to save the Tree of Beginning , though the credits showed him with Sir Aaron eating a chocolate bar .
All lead vocals performed by Roger Waters except `` Not Now John '' by David Gilmour and Roger Waters .
Nuoro is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy .
Listless , my shadow creeps about at my side .
Basilosaurus is a genus of cetacean that lived from 40 to 34 million years ago in the Late Eocene .
In November 2009 the A330 became the first aircraft to receive ETOPS-240 approval , which is now offered by Airbus as an option .
Likewise , the Masjid al-Nabawi and the city of Medina that surrounds it are also off-limits to those who do not practice Islam .
Peter Braestrup Judith Coburn Tom Fox H.D.S. Greenway Skip Isaacs Peter A. Jay Peter Osnos Michael Parks Olivier Todd Craig Whitney
Although it is commonly assumed now that the Rights of Woman was unfavourably received , this is a modern misconception based on the belief that Wollstonecraft was as reviled during her lifetime as she became after the publication of William Godwin 's Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman .
One end of the device is fitted with a single male type-A USB connector .
In 1835 , S.D. Poisson further described it under the name `` La loi des grands nombres '' .
In order to have a compact instruction encoding , most processor instruction sets have a small set of special locations which can be directly named .
Masonville is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
Between 1843 and 1866 , a governor was appointed who was independent of the Governor of Sierra Leone .
A trench can be defined as a long narrow ditch .
`` U.S. viewers in millions '' refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episodes live or recorded them and watched them within seven days of broadcast .
The word `` county '' is used to translate the Chinese term xiàn .
The band consists of guitarist and vocalist Alexi Laiho , Roope Latvala , Janne Wirman , Henkka Seppälä , and Jaska Raatikainen .
During his life he was considered a notable interpreter of Franz Schubert 's Lieder , usually with Britten as accompanist . He also gave notable performances as the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach 's Passions .
Mary 's virginity at the conception of Jesus is also a tenet of Islam .
He asks the boys if they understand , and they say they do .
Van Gogh did not begin painting until his late twenties , and most of his best-known works were produced during his final two years .
The sleeping driver is at very high risk for having an accident during a microsleep episode .
Opened in 1991 , Curitiba 's trademark botanical garden was created in the style of French gardens .
To report an error , see Main Page errors .
He is known as a good friend of Kofi Annan .
According to Strabo , Seleucus was the first to state that the tides are due to the attraction of the Moon , and that the height of the tides depends on the Moon 's position relative to the Sun .
Although never Emperor , Henry I the Fowler , Duke of Saxony , was arguably the founder of this imperial dynasty , since his election as German king made it possible for his son , Otto the Great to take on the imperium .
The entire length of the qin is 3 chi , 6 cun and 5 fen ; representing the 365 days of the year .
Many seedlings that will grow to the canopy level are present in the understory .
Furthermore , S. tchadensis does indicate that the last common ancestor of humans and chimpanzees is unlikely to resemble chimpanzees very much , as had been previously supposed by some paleontologists .
On the 27 October the group played its first official New York City show and appeared on the television programs The Late Show With David Letterman and Jimmy Kimmel Live ! .
Hesperocallis has traditionally been classified in Liliaceae but until recently its relationships have been unclear .
Adriana Francesca Lima is a Brazilian model best known as a Victoria 's Secret Angel since 2000 and a spokesmodel for Maybelline cosmetics from 2003 to 2009 . At age 15 , Lima finished first place in Ford 's `` Supermodel of Brazil '' competition and took second place the following year in the Ford `` Supermodel of the World '' competition before signing with Elite Model Management in New York City .
The Jobi Manucode is distributed in lowland forests of Jobi Island and northern New Guinea .
The end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 had resulted in periods of famine and chronic unemployment , exacerbated by the introduction of the first of the Corn Laws .
The multilateral Chemical Weapons Convention was signed in 1993 and entered into force in 1997 .
On April 9 , 1997 , the band announced it was disbanding .
As the capital of Arizona , Phoenix houses the state legislature .
The exact transformation is controlled using a second input the secret key .
At the 2006 census , Glenrowan had a population of 952 .
Starčević was the only parliamentary representative who agreed with Kvaternik 's draft constitution of June 26 , 1861 .
In a letter dated May 24 , 1891 , Frege thanked Husserl for sending him a copy of the Philosophy of Arithmetic and Husserl 's review of Ernst Schröder 's Vorlesungen über die Algebra der Logik .
`` Di '' , `` emperor '' , refers to the relationship of this animal to Tyrannosaurus rex , the `` king '' tyrannosaurid .
Anne of Denmark was queen consort of Scotland , England , and Ireland as the wife of King James VI and I.
Six Borat sketches were shown , in the form of `` Guides '' to `` Dating '' , `` Etiquette '' , `` Acting '' , `` Men '' , `` Baseballs '' and `` The South '' .
Known as one of the most destructive hurricanes to affect the United States during the first half of the 19th century , the Bay St. Louis Hurricane caused severe damage across Alabama , Louisiana , and Mississippi , leaving behind the remains of shattered buildings and uprooted trees .
Morellino di Scansano Riserva can be released on the 1st of January two years after the harvest .
The vast majority of these were inherited from its four constituent companies , the `` Big Four '' .
Both types of bone marrow contain numerous blood vessels and capillaries .
The Philadelphia Phillies are the defending National League champions , winning the NL Pennant in 2008 and 2009 ; and are the the most recent National League World Series champions , having won the 2008 World Series . The Los Angeles Dodgers lead the league with 21 National League Titles .
Palembang is the capital city of South Sumatra Province of Indonesia .
The fans ' collective name for itself is `` La 22 '' , after 22nd street in La Plata where many famous fans lived , notably Marcelo Amuchástegui .
Labastide-sur-B ésorgues is a commune in the Ardèche departement in south-eastern France .
It is important to note that our only sources extant for our understanding of Sabellianism are from their detractors .
Saint-Pierre-la-Roche is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
A campus novel , also known as an academic novel , is a novel whose main action is set in and around the campus of a university .
Grobbendonk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Boris Vasilievich Spassky is a Soviet-French chess grandmaster .
There is a long tradition of watchmaking .
Colloquy supports scripting in languages such as Apple Script , F-Script , Javascript , Objective-C , Python , and Ruby . Colloquy shows changes such as mode changes , ban sets , etc. .
In 1153 it was mentioned as an important town .
GRUB can be set to automatically load a specified kernel after a user defined timeout .
Kim Stanley later recalled that students were discouraged from applauding , but that Monroe 's performance had resulted in spontaneous applause from the audience .
The Caledonian Sleeper service was transferred to ScotRail , now First ScotRail .
The state did not include the enclave of Gwadar which was under Omani rule until 1958 .
In 1959 the VSO performed for Pope John XXIII at Vatican City leading up to the debut of maestro Wolfgang Sawallisch .
In addition to buses , it also operates a ferry service in the northern reaches of the city .
The first fossils of modern cockroaches with internal ovipositors appear in the early Cretaceous .
Letters that arose from this letter include the Roman I and J and the Cyrillic І , Yi , Je , and iotified letters .
A syncarpous gynoecium can sometimes appear very much like a monocarpous gynoecium .
Winners from regional Golden Gloves competitions compete in the national competition , called the Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions .
Elementary algebra is the most basic form of algebra .
His name may refer to the scorpion goddess Serket .
It flopped and only reached # 117 on the Oricon Charts , possibly due to a lack of promotion .
For the Rhinestone soundtrack , he performed a song .
Maximilian I of Mexico was a member of the Imperial House of Habsburg-Lorraine .
In old times , the se was frequently used in duets with the qin .
Food processing typically takes clean , harvested crops or slaughtered and butchered animal products and uses these to produce attractive , marketable and often long shelf-life food products .
Yuhei Tokunaga is a Japanese football player who currently plays for FC Tokyo of the J-League .
Tackey & Tsubasa are a Japanese idol duo from Johnny & Associates .
They had one child , named Draven Sebastian , who was born on April 19 , 2002 .
They were later joined by keyboardist Frank `` Skip '' Konte when Emilio Garcia left the band to become a pilot .
Modern physics describes gravitation using the general theory of relativity , in which gravitation is a consequence of the curvature of spacetime which governs the motion of inertial objects .
This gives a finer texture to higher grades .
Its secretariat-general is located in Brussels .
They are frequently confused with and mistaken for palms or ferns , but are only distantly related to both , and instead belong to the division Cycadophyta .
Three weeks later , a letter is sent from the Mamodos to their human partners .
Due to their military weakness , taifa princes appealed for North African warriors to come fight Christian kings on two occasions .
In 1948 the theater was renamed the Tyl Theatre and would be known as such until 1990 when , at the end of an eight year reconstruction project , it became known again as the Estates Theatre .
The Bluetooth specifications are developed and licensed by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group .
He also finished tied for first with Vladimir Kramnik at the Dortmund 2006 .
His name in the Nahuatl language is often translated as `` Smoking Mirror '' and alludes to his connection to obsidian , the material from which mirrors were made in Mesoamerica and which was used for shamanic rituals .
For the official forecasts , see the NHC 's archive on Hurricane Charley .
The visible range and number of cone types differ between species .
In some cases , the tests are administered to determine if the fetus will be aborted , though physicians and patients also find it useful to diagnose high-risk pregnancies early so that delivery can be scheduled in a tertiary care hospital where the baby can receive appropriate care .
Its county seat is Alton .
The first tropical storm of the season was first detected in the Northern Gulf of Mexico as a 35 k tropical storm .
Wisques is a commune in the Pas-djje-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As of 18 October 2007 , the court had field offices in Kampala , Kinshasa , Bunia , Abéché and Bangui .
He is also known for his roles in films including The Santa Clause , Toy Story , and Galaxy Quest .
The middle ear still contains the sound information in wave form ; it is converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea .
Saint-Marcel-d'Ard èche is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
A continuous heavy surf falls all along the coast , forming a narrow white to gray sandy beach .
The Warsaw Treaty is the informal name for the mutual defense Treaty of Friendship , Cooperation and Mutual Assistance commonly known as the Warsaw Pact subscribed by eight communist states in Eastern Europe , which was established at the USSR 's initiative and realized on 14 May 1955 , in Warsaw , Poland . In the Communist Bloc , the treaty was the military analog of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance , the Communist European economic community .
This list does not include material recorded by Soundgarden band members with Skin Yard , Temple of the Dog , Pearl Jam , Hater , Wellwater Conspiracy , or Audioslave .
Rickey replied that he needed a Negro player `` with guts enough not to fight back . ''
Samir Nasri is a French international footballer who plays his club football for the English Premier League side Arsenal .
His hosts even arranged a visit to New Orleans , where Paul Morphy lived .
The novel is also known as `` novelty writing '' which conciliates dystopia and utopia .
Later that year , Ledger inaugurated a new record label , Masses Music , with singer Ben Harper and also directed a music video for Harper 's song `` Morning Yearning '' .
Finally , another feature of Huế cuisine is that it is often very spicy .
For example , in an aqueous environment hydrolysis of oligomers/polymers into their constituent monomers would be favored over the condensation of individual monomers into polymers .
Dražan Jerković was a Croatian and Yugoslav football forward , and manager .
On the morning of November 19 at 9:30 a.m. , Lincoln , astride a chestnut bay horse and riding between Secretary of State William H. Seward and Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase , joined in a procession with the assembled dignitaries , townspeople , and widows marching out to the grounds to be dedicated .
The university occupies 6651 a with the central campus resting on approximately 200 a.
Kumho Tire Co. v. Carmichael , is a United States Supreme Court case that applied the Daubert standard to expert testimony from non-scientists .
An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear .
For Malus sylvestris domestica , see Apple .
Many species of leaf beetles , longhorn beetles , and weevils are very host specific , feeding on only a single species of plant . Ground beetles and rove beetles , among others , are primarily carnivorous and will catch and consume many other arthropods and small prey such as earthworms and snails .
Vince screwed Michaels , claiming he submitted to the move , and declared Shane the winner via submission .
Pearls from the sea are valued more highly than freshwater pearls . Imitation or fake pearls are also widely sold in inexpensive jewelry , but the quality of their iridescence is usually very poor - and generally speaking , artificial pearls are easily distinguished from genuine pearls .
Outside Slipknot , Fehn is a very keen golfer , and evidences this on the band 's 2006 DVD , where he is interviewed while playing golf . Fehn describes himself as a `` big fan of the band '' and says of Slipknot , `` the world needed something like this . ''
Elemental arsenic and arsenic compounds are classified as `` toxic '' and `` dangerous for the environment '' in the European Union under directive 67/548/EEC .
Testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles , a part of the male reproductive system .
To use a game port with MIDI instruments , one requires a cable with a male and a female DA-15 and two male 5-pin DIN connectors .
Abraham Clark was an American politician and Revolutionary War figure .
Afton is a city in Union County , Iowa , United States .
The narrator chops up the body and conceals the pieces under the floorboards .
At the end of the summer , small white flowers full of nectar appear . These attract bees , hence the genus name Melissa .
Over the years several of Charles ' senior descendants have made names for themselves , including Augustus FitzRoy , 3rd Duke of Grafton who became Prime Minister of Great Britain , cricket pioneer Charles Lennox , 1st Duke of Richmond , parliamentary reformer Charles Lennox , 3rd Duke of Richmond .
He was the director of Antiquities in Egypt during the 19th century , and excavated in Memphis and Dashur , providing many drawings of many Egyptian pyramids .
Salisbury is a cathedral city in Wiltshire , England .
The song `` Decent Days And Nights '' from the album was featured in the video game soundtrack to on PlayStation 2 and Xbox as well as EA 's Rugby 2005 .
She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran , their leader .
Which was later on divided into two districts .
During filming of the pilot episode , Whedon was still arguing with Fox that the show should be displayed in widescreen format .
Terence Chi-Shen Tao FRS is an Australian mathematician working primarily on harmonic analysis , partial differential equations , combinatorics , analytic number theory and representation theory .
From these early times , the garden has contained a gallery of natural objects , a library , and portraits of its directors throughout the centuries .
January 2002 saw the release of Start , a collection of songs , many of which are cover versions .
Miramas is a commune in the département of Bouches-du-Rh ône in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region of France .
The next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the British .
Velvet Revolver is a hard rock supergroup consisting of former Guns N ' Roses members Slash , Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum , alongside Dave Kushner formerly of punk band Wasted Youth .
Copper approaches Tod as he lies in the lake below when Slade appears , ready to fire at the fox .
Parkes is located on the Australian transcontinental railway line , and the Newell Highway linking Victoria to Queensland .
It is more certain that the name meringue for this confection first appeared in print in François Massialot 's cookbook of 1692 .
There is little scholarly consensus over the presence of the Tamil people in Sri Lanka , also known as Eelam in early Tamil literature , prior to the medieval Chola period . One theory states that there was not an organized Tamil presence in Sri Lanka until the invasions from what is now South India in the 10th century AD ; another theory contends that Tamil people were the original inhabitants of the island .
In the European portion of the tour , Gimnasia played twenty-two games , winning eleven and losing six .
The ensuing dispute eventually lead to a break from Rome and the declaration of the King of England as head of the English Church .
Common names include Horseweed , Canadian Horseweed , Canadian Fleabane , Coltstail , Marestail and Butterweed .
Because Anghiera 's literary work was translated into English and French in a short period of time , the name `` Hispaniola '' is the most frequently used term in English-speaking countries regarding the island in scientific and cartographic works .
The first use of electric heating was for an 18.2 balkline tournament held in December 1927 between Welker Cochran and Jacob Schaefer , Jr. .
The development of FORTRAN paralleled the early evolution of compiler technology ; indeed many advances in the theory and design of compilers were specifically motivated by the need to generate efficient code for FORTRAN programs .
Nearly all branches of natural science have contributed to the understanding of the main events of the Earth 's past .
Broadcast weekdays and currently repeated nightly on SOAPnet , it is the longest-running serial produced in Hollywood , and the longest-running entertainment program in ABC television history .
He was , prior to 1990 - 91 , player-coach of the Diables Rouges de Briançon .
See Naming conventions to learn how we title articles and for a list of pages that have been made read-only to unregistered users or non-administrators .
Three works are attributed to Murasaki , the most important being The Tale of Genji .
Paleontologists believe Eoraptor resembles the common ancestor of all dinosaurs ; if this is true , its traits suggest that the first dinosaurs were small , bipedal predators .
In November 2004 , Geronimo released her second album , Sweet Sixteen , with How Could You Say You Love Me as the first single .
The British Rail Class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works .
Fernelmont is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
He and Hubay performed chamber music on more than one occasions with Johannes Brahms , including the premiere of Brahms 's Piano Trio Op .
Another well-known nuclear-free community is Berkeley , California , whose citizens passed the Nuclear Free Berkeley Act in 1986 which allows the city to levy fines for nuclear weapons-related activity and to boycott companies involved in the United States nuclear infrastructure .
The most common forms of Treacle are the pale syrup that is also known as golden syrup and the darker syrup that is usually referred to as dark treacle or black treacle .
Albiorix is a prograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
The metal fenders and front and rear aprons of the car would be partially cut away to allow more for ground clearance and suspension travel .
Prominent bright red giants in the night sky include Aldebaran , Arcturus , and Gamma Crucis , while the even larger Antares and Betelgeuse are red supergiants .
Belfour and Brodeur are tied for second , having each won the trophy four times .
It 's quick and possesses a damaging set of attacks '' , yet called it lame due to its status as a Pokémon .
Matthias Sindelar was an Austrian footballer .
The name of Zermatt , as well as that of the Matterhorn itself , derives from the alpine meadows , or matten , in the valley .
Some buildings have inter-communicating cellars .
In total the sculpture cost # 1.42 million to design and construct - twice the original estimate , as the initial costing had neglected to include installation costs .
Between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work .
This was followed by a return to old-school style series in the form of Ultraman Max .
Being the primary language of the Lao people , Lao is also an important second language for the multitude of ethnic groups in Laos and in Isan .
Also , Pokémon sprites are animated in battle like they were in Pokémon Crystal . Probably the most significant addition is the Battle Frontier , an expanded version of the Battle Tower in Ruby and Sapphire .
The Lion King 1 1/2 is a American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 .
The Presidents ' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
Both are versions of unlicensed wireless technology .
As of 2000 , the population was 43,953 .
At that time the word great simply meant big , and had not acquired its modern connotations of excellence .
At the time there was no state , but towards the end of the 14th century early forms of government were established .
Among them was one woman , Fátimih Zarrín Táj Baragháni , a poetess , who later received the name of Táhirih .
Fumichon is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The 2004 route climaxed with a 45-mile criterium in London , where tens of thousands of spectators saw a long break by Londoner Bradley Wiggins last until the penultimate lap , with Enrico Degano of Team Barloworld taking the sprint on the line .
How Feather Dusters Work It is a misconception by many on the internet that feather dusters are effective by means of static electricity .
The Arthaśhāstra identifies its author by the name Kautilya , except for one verse which refers to him by the name Vishnugupta .
In temperate climates , and tropical climates with a single wet-dry season alternation , the growth rings are annual , each pair of light and dark rings being one year of growth ; these are known as annual rings .
An example of this is the Orion Nebula .
Luduş is a city in central Romania in Mureş County , 44 km south-west from the county 's capital Târgu Mureş .
According to Lynch , `` her works appear to have proven more hospitable to sequelisation than those of almost any other novelist '' .
Failure of the summer monsoons and administrative shortcomings of the Ryotwari system resulted in a severe famine in the Madras Presidency during 1876 - 1877 .
All submissions to the project are covered by the Open Publication License unless otherwise noted in order to allow submission to the Fedora Documentation Project .
The first formal use of the name `` Antarctica '' as a continental name in the 1890s is attributed to the Scottish cartographer John George Bartholomew .
He has played for Brazil national team .
`` It had the following sections : editorials , international news , domestical news , local news , industry and trade , law and society , sports and education , literature and art , and advertisements .
José Roberto da Silva Jr. , commonly known as Zé Roberto , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga .
However , in informal English speech a single instrument is rarely called a timpano : several are more typically referred to collectively as kettledrums , timpani , or simply timps .
A cameo role or cameo appearance is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts , such as plays , films , video games and television .
Riencourt-l ès - Cagnicourt lies southeast of Arras , at the junction of the D13 and D83 roads .
There is no suggestion in the text that Semele is a virgin , however .
A more elaborate version of the system is the Extended Basic Roman spelling of English , which uses also the letters ` j ' and ` w ' , and has two specific digraphs for the English voiced and voiceless dental fricatives .
Vallejo is the largest city in Solano County , California , United States .
Richard Hatch , Jenna Lewis , Rudy Boesch , Susan Hawk and Colleen Haskell were invited to participate again in the eighth season of Survivor .
The connectors specified by the USB committee were designed to support a number of USB 's underlying goals , and to reflect lessons learned from the menagerie of connectors which have been used in the computer industry .
The Women 's Auxiliary Australian Air Force members of 3FS were billeted at St Anne 's Girls School , Townsville .
Kumho also disagreed with certain aspects of the tire expert 's methodology , and asked the federal district court hearing the case to exclude it under Rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence .
Dattatreya is usually depicted with three heads , symbolising Brahma , Vishnu , and Shiva ; past , present , and future ; and the three states of consciousness : waking , dreaming , and dreamless sleep .
Anchovy paste is also available .
The final two teams in the Eastern conference and Western Conference face off .
Sichuan peppercorns are one of the traditional ingredients in the Chinese spice mixture five-spice powder and also shichimi togarashi , a Japanese seven-flavour seasoning .
So when hip hop came to Europe in the early 1980s there already was a vibrant graffiti culture .
The Cleveland Orchestra is an American orchestra based in Cleveland , Ohio .
Wendell is a city in Gooding County , Idaho , United States .
C2 Green Tea is a bottled green tea beverage produced and manufactured by Universal Robina .
Others will not be able to find your user page using , they will be able to visit it only by going to .
The Bay of Campeche is the southern bight of the Gulf of Mexico .
These early attempts to create sky blue colors were often less than satisfactory due to greenish hues and lack of permanence .
These isotopic fingerprints are preserved in the sediments , and Mojzis has used this technique to suggest that life existed on the planet already by 3.85 billion years ago .
The island has no indigenous population , but is assigned the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code SJ , the Internet country code top-level domain .
The depression developed a large area of squalls , and organized enough to warrant a Hurricane Hunters flight into the area .
The film was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
Hassocks is a large village and civil parish in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex , England .
In 1902 he became conductor at the historic Vienna Theater an der Wien , where his first opera Wiener Frauen was performed in November of that year .
In 2002 , Serbia and Montenegro came to a new agreement regarding continued co-operation , which , among other changes , promised the end of the name Yugoslavia , since they were part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . On 4 February 2003 , the federal parliament of Yugoslavia created a loose confederation - State Union of Serbia and Montenegro .
Ludiano is a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In 1831 , an outbreak of cholera devastated the region and eliminated most if not all of the Mandaean religious authorities .
This limitation can serve as encouragement to follow through with physical therapy sessions to help improve endurance .
As Frankenstein dies , the monster appears in his room .
The economics of nuclear power has been a factor in anti-nuclear campaigns , with critics arguing that such power is uneconomical in Australia , particularly given the country 's abundance of coal resources .
Since Palau , there have been four tie situations that were settled with fire-making challenges , all of which were at the Final Four stage of the game .
Chirols is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
Five Nobel prizes are attached to the Institute 's researchers .
As the name suggests , such directories were originally printed on yellow paper , as opposed to white pages for non-commercial listings .
The ratio of axises of the Cressida 's prolate spheroid is 0.8 0.3 .
The moon is named after Portia , the heroine of William Shakespeare 's play The Merchant of Venice .
In recent years , widespread wrestling discussion on the Internet popularized the terms .
It is estimated that $ 30 - 40 million in damage to lemon trees occurred .
Cugny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Most cases are due to infection with viruses , with bacteria , fungi , and parasites being the next most common causes .
Other problems are crime , corruption , and HIV/AIDS .
The `` second '' Riker takes the name `` Thomas '' , which is revealed to be William Riker 's middle name .
Anglo-Egyptian Sudan had eight mudiriyat , or provinces , which were ambiguous when created but became well defined by the beginning of the Second World War .
A chord progression is a series of musical chords , or chord changes that `` aims for a definite goal '' of establishing a tonality founded on a key , root or tonic chord . Chords and chord theory are generally known as harmony .
Many Italians worked in the coal industry and , unlike the German immigrants , they did not dedicate themselves very much to agriculture .
Hiéville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops made camp nearby .
They are not closely related to saltwater mussels ; they are taxonomically grouped in a different subclass , despite some very superficial similarities in appearance .
In late 1950 , Rickey 's contract as the Dodgers ' team President expired .
This page assumes that you still want to visit Wikipedia and you do not wish to enter discussions within Wikipedia policy to have the image changed , removed or deleted by building .
Holiday stated that she began using hard drugs in the early 1940s .
The main means of transportation are bicycles and cidomo .
William Whewell was an English polymath , scientist , Anglican priest , philosopher , theologian , and historian of science .
Engis 26 .
Cell to cell communication is possible through pits in the secondary cell wall that allow plasmodesma to connect cells through the secondary cell walls .
Blue Jays can make a large variety of sounds , and individuals may vary perceptibly in their calling style .
Siegen is a city in Germany , in the south Westphalian part of North Rhine-Westphalia .
The wind power industry is also creating thousands of jobs for communities and for the state .
Roman Catholicism specifically holds that one may build and use `` likenesses '' , as long as the object is not worshipped .
It is located at 26 53 ' 30N 67 45 ' 0E .
In each episode the Storypeople magically receive an object sent to them by a child or group of children .
The book was so widely read that Sigmund Freud reported a number of patients with sado-masochistic tendencies who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
This can be read out loud as `` a divided by b '' , `` a by b '' or `` a over b '' .
Some of his longer letters include World Order of Bahá ` u 'll áh , regarding the nature of Bahá ' í administration , Advent of Divine Justice , regarding teaching the religion , and Promised Day is Come regarding Bahá ` u 'll áh 's letters to world leaders . Other letters included statements on Bahá ' í beliefs , history , morality , principles , administration and law .
The University of Calgary , once affiliated with the University of Alberta , gained its autonomy in 1966 and is now the second largest university in Alberta .
Stollberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony , in the district Erzgebirgskreis .
Although Hugo 's many talents did not include exceptional musical ability , he nevertheless had a great impact on the music world through the endless inspiration that his works provided for composers of the 19th and 20th century .
Newton suspected that comets were the origin of the life-supporting component of air . Newton also believed that the vapors given off by comets might replenish the planets ' supplies of water , and the sun 's supply of fuel .
In 1953 , Robinson had 109 runs , a .329 batting average , and 17 steals , leading the Dodgers to another National League pennant .
In1764 a porcelain factory was started in Fulda under Prince-Bishop , Prince-Abbot Heinrich von Bibra , but shortly after his death it was closed down in 1789 by his successor , Prince-Bishop , Prince-Abbot Adalbert von Harstall .
This template makes the font smaller .
Since 1980 the flowers that decorate the concert hall are a gift each year from the city of Sanremo , Liguria , Italy .
Preuteşti is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
The term Franciscan is most commonly used to refer to members of Catholic religious orders , founded by Saint Francis of Assisi .
In Hinduism , Kurma was the second avatar of Vishnu .
In this way division competition consists of common opponents , with the exception of the 2 games assigned on the strength of the each team 's prior season record .
Twelve teams each played 76 games .
Bibb 's design served as the official seal until 1868 , when it was replaced by a controversial design featuring an eagle holding in its beak a banner that read `` Here We Rest . ''
Mikhail Tal was a Soviet-Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
Saint-Romain-d'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
Vendrennes is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
He pointed out that personal experience has an effect on what people see and how they see , and that vision and perception are subjective .
Pleigne is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Most associations have some kind of document or documents that regulate the way in which the body meets and operates .
Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family Ericaceae : Gaylussacia and Vaccinium .
Other compounds include cerium carbonate , cerium fluoride , cerium oxide , as well as cerium sulfate and cerium triflate .
Two Royal Australian Navy ships have been named after this town .
Most diatoms are unicellular , although they can exist as colonies in the shape of filaments or ribbons , fans , zigzags , or stellate colonies . Diatoms are producers within the food chain .
Clive Charles was a football player , coach and television announcer .
De Ruyter is most famous for his role in the Anglo-Dutch Wars of the 17th century . He fought the English and French in these wars and scored several major victories , the best known probably being the Raid on the Medway .
By the early seventeenth century small scale brick and tile manufacture was flourishing and during this time parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small businesses .
His maternal uncle is English actor Malcolm McDowell , with whom he appeared in 2008 in Neil Marshall 's Doomsday , and his paternal uncle is the former Sudanese Prime Minister Sadiq al-Mahdi . He is also descended from Muhammad Ahmad Al-Mahdi .
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery 17 .
Christians , through faith in the working of God are spiritually resurrected with Jesus so that they may walk in a new way of life .
Xavier Margairaz is a Swiss footballer who currently plays for FC Zürich , mainly as a defensive midfielder .
The most recently created canton is the Canton of Jura , which separated from the Canton of Bern in 1979 .
Capitán Sarmiento is a town in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Superscripts - sized text , i.e.
MIT developed Kerberos to protect network services provided by Project Athena .
The Caryophyllaceae , commonly called the pink family or carnation family , is a family of flowering plants .
An informal fallacy is an argument whose stated premises fail to support their proposed conclusion .
Anything sent through the postal system is called mail or post .
Pickett , Inc. was given exclusive rights to the scale .
Philae was the last of the ancient Egyptian temples to be closed .
The rounding factor is always 1 .
He was awarded with the first Prince of Asturias Award in sports category in 1987 .
Moses was , according to the Hebrew Bible , a religious leader , lawgiver , and prophet , to whom the authorship of the Torah is traditionally attributed .
The pair soon found that they shared comic interests , formed a double act , and `` decided to be the new Goodies '' .
After Anton Szandor LaVey 's death , his position as head of the Church of Satan passed on to Blanche Barton .
D. For most of 1904 , the Ottawa Senators were not affiliated with any league .
Camille strengthened further over the Gulf of Mexico and made landfall with a pressure of 905 mbar , estimated sustained winds of 190 mph , and a peak official storm surge of 24 f ; by maximum sustained wind speeds , Camille was the strongest landfalling tropical cyclone recorded worldwide , and one of only four tropical cyclones worldwide ever to achieve wind speeds of 190 m. The hurricane flattened nearly everything along the coast of the U.S. state of Mississippi , and caused additional flooding and deaths inland while crossing the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia .
A Planet Called Treason is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card .
She trained in several camps to improve her wrestling abilities before working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in June 2002 , where she gained national attention .
It was a center of heavy industry , having a long coal mining tradition which died out by 1950 .
Starting in April 2007 with Backlash , all pay-per-views now feature all the brands as they originally were in 2002 .
It is the third largest district in Jammu and Kashmir after Leh and Kargil .
The previously independent Vailsburg borough was annexed by Newark on January 1 , 1905 .
The music video featured Donghae from Super Junior .
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy : Roy Worters and Al Rollins .
Modulus of Resilience , can be calculated using the following formula : , where is yield stress , E is Young 's modulus , and is strain .
CAMRA defines perry and pear cider as quite different drinks , stating that `` pear cider '' as made by the large industrial cidermakers is merely a pear-flavoured drink , or more specifically a cider-style drink flavored with pear concentrate , whereas `` perry '' should be made by traditional methods from perry pears only . Others , including the National Association of Cider Makers , on the other hand , insist that the terms perry and pear cider are interchangeable .
In 2007 Rick Astley became the subject of a viral Internet meme in which an estimated 25 million Internet users were tricked into watching Rick Astley 's video `` Never Gonna Give You Up '' by posting it under the name of other popular video titles .
The parameters used here are artificially small , but one can also .
Born and raised in Montreal , he was given his nickname due to friends deciding he looked like comic-strip character Andy Gump .
The function α grows extremely slowly , so that for all practical purposes it may be considered a constant no greater than 4 ; thus Chazelle 's algorithm takes very close to linear time .
In sports , Crissiumal is known as `` The land of goalkeepers '' , because it was the home of several goalkeepers , the most known of them being Taffarel , who played in the Brazilian Soccer Team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup , in Italy .
1950 was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
In response , Li Hongzhi declared that Falun Gong did not have any particular organization , nor any political objectives .
Nienburg is a town and capital of the district Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
As leader of the new Federalist Party , Jay was Governor of New York from 1795 to 1801 and became the state 's leading opponent of slavery .
Music historians typically divide the history of ska into three periods : the original Jamaican scene of the 1960s , the English 2 Tone ska revival of the late 1970s and the third wave ska movement , which started in the 1980s and rose to popularity in the US in the 1990s .
Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot has a song about Yonge Street , titled `` On Yonge Street '' , on his album A Painter Passing Through .
Defines if warning to an anonymous IP address should be accompanied with a shared IP notice .
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
However , as this was prohibited due to the historic importance of the place , Brugsen sold the ground to the folk music ensemble Tingluti in 1978 .
Oxegen is an annual Irish music festival held since 2004 , sponsored by Heineken .
Lontzen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège .
Corpe is a commune of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In 1872 the Great Eastern Railway opened a new branch to Hackney Downs to serve this branch a new junction was built to the west of Cambridge Heath Road .
Branches from the Sydenham line at Sunshine station .
The crust is distinguished from the upper mantle by the change in chemical composition that takes place at the Moho discontinuity .
Agriculture and the building trades are the primary sources of employment in the town .
Himmler was responsible for establishing and operating concentration camps and extermination camps in which millions of inmates died of systematic mass gassing , inhumane treatment , overwork , malnutrition , or medical experiments .
This disconnect often stems from the presence of a hidden co-premise that , if presented , would validate the argument .
New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service have a Tourist Information Centre in the township .
Khanewal is district in the province of Punjab , Pakistan .
Earnhardt Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates is a NASCAR team based in Concord , North Carolina , United States , owned by Dale Earnhardt 's widow Teresa Earnhardt , Chip Ganassi , and Felix Sabates . This team was formed when Dale Earnhardt , Inc. and the NASCAR team of Chip Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates agreed to merge after both teams found it difficult to secure sponsorship .
Bouilly is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
The Meters defined funk in New Orleans , starting with their Top Ten R&B hits `` Sophisticated Cissy '' and `` Cissy Strut '' in 1969 .
Puyméras is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
He directed the first five of his seven feature films in the Soviet Union ; his last two films were produced in Italy and Sweden .
However , this bears a risk : If an opponent lands their mal on a station occupied by a group of mals of the opponent , all mals in the group are removed from the course .
A cluster of specifications closely related to XML have been developed , starting soon after the initial publication of XML 1.0 . It is frequently the case that the term `` XML '' is used to refer to XML together with one or more of these other technologies which have come to be seen as part of the XML core .
Superman is a fictional character , a comic book superhero appearing in publications by DC Comics , widely considered to be an American cultural icon .
It is the highest peak of the Strandzha massif and also the European part of Turkey .
He was moderately well known during his life , but it was after his death that most of his works were published .
The shooter will then normally try to pocket the unracked fifteenth ball , and at the same time have the cue ball into the fourteen racked balls , spreading them so that subsequent shots are available , and a run may continue .
Between 1992 and 1996 , law enforcement agencies in Russia mainly focused on drug trafficking , arms trafficking , money laundering and the First Chechen War . Environmental crimes like poaching and illegal timber smuggling were generally not treated as national security issues .
The Wanderers loaned Holmes to the Seattle Metropolitans of the PCHA , but he eventually found his way back to the NHL when Seattle loaned him to Toronto .
Gordon would remain a major hurricane for over 24 hours before cooler water began to set in and Gordon gradually weakened , beginning early on September 15 .
Norio Takahashi is a former Japanese football player .
Use of the term ace in military aviation circles began in World War I , when French newspapers described Adolphe Pegoud , as l'as after he became the first pilot to down five German aircraft .
Harnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
For rules about naming disambiguation pages and combining similar terms on a single page , see Disambiguation pages .
Juvanzé is a communes in the Aube department of the Champagne-Ardenne region in north-central France .
Bucov is a commune in the Prahova County , Romania , just east of Ploieşti , the county seat .
The spelling Montecristi is also seen .
The President of the Medical Association in Germany announced , `` German women do n't smoke '' .
The geocentric model , consistent with planetary parallax , was assumed to be an explanation for the unobservability of the parallel phenomenon , stellar parallax .
Madison is a city in Madison County , Florida , United States .
The Mail on Sunday is a British newspaper , currently published in a tabloid format .
In 1926 , he was appointed professor of organ performance and improvisation at the Paris Conservatoire , a position he held until 1954 .
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park does not include the entire Great Barrier Reef Province . The park is managed , in partnership with the Government of Queensland , through the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority to ensure that it is widely understood and used in a sustainable manner .
Cleveland left the production team and Redford and O'Donnell were promoted to co-producer .
These settlements are nestled on mountain ridges about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad .
The Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme has defined a list of 82 `` official '' Alpine 4,000-metre summits .
Cazaugitat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Her cross dressing enables Viola to fulfil usually male roles , such as acting as a messenger between Orsino and Olivia , as well as being Orsino 's confidant .
Walking Trees : Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is the story of Ralph Fletcher 's introduction to the New York City school system as a teacher trainer in a writing staff development program .
Shillong has an average literacy rate of 80 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % : male literacy is 83 % , and female literacy is 78 % .
The Mustagh Pass or Muztagh Pass is a pass across the Baltoro Muztagh range in the Karakorams which includes K2 , the world 's second highest mountain .
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna as well as for theaters in Graz , Augsburg and Vienna .
During the weekend , the US sent into China two U.S. Air Force C-17 's carrying supplies , which included tents and generators .
The story is based on conflicts in the life of Carlos , Prince of Asturias after his betrothed Elisabeth of Valois was married instead to his father Philip II of Spain as part of the peace treaty ending the Italian War of 1551-1559 between the Houses of Habsburg and Valois .
In 2006 , Saving Abel released an album under their own label .
In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine , WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain from falling on the ring .
On 22 October 2006 Bignasco lost its status as an independent municipality when together with the village of Cavergno it was incorporated into the municipality of Cevio .
A pawn which has no friendly pawns in adjacent files is an isolated pawn .
Between 1403 and 1422 some of these lands were already annexed by forces from Uri , but subsequently lost .
Elsa and her new husband are ushered in with the well-known bridal chorus , and the couple express their love for each other .
John Felix Anthony Cena is an American actor , hip hop musician , and professional wrestler currently employed by World Wrestling Entertainment on its Raw brand .
The Park houses a large array of wild and endangered animals including species from the continents of Africa , Asia , Europe , North and South America , and Australia .
Champfromier is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Following the success of the film version of `` Evita , '' in 1996 , the government of Argentina released its own film biography of Peron , entitled `` Eva Peron , '' alleging that it corrected distortions in the Lloyd Webber account .
It is derived from Voice of America Special English .
If the individuals specified in the template consider themselves to be in a marriage as defined in the article Marriage , then this template is applicable .
At Backlash , Michaels suffered a loss when the Spirit Squad interfered on behalf of The McMahons .
In the next match , Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match , which is a standard match involving three wrestlers with no disqualifications .
For example , No. 2 fuel oil , No. 2 distillate and No. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,149 square miles , of which , 998 square miles of it is land and 151 square miles of it is water .
When I was in university , there was this major historian of the Third Reich , Ian Kershaw , who said , ` The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference . '
Anatotitan also appeared in the American nature documentary When Dinosaurs Roamed America as a peaceful herbivorous dinosaur .
Worf is the first Klingon main character to appear in Star Trek , and has appeared in more Star Trek episodes than any other character .
In the north , Japanese people are very numerous .
Satisfied with the training environment in Toronto , Kim made Toronto her permanent training ground .
At InVasion , the Inaugural Brawl took place between Team WCW/ECW and Team WWF .
There are 20 high schools , 30 middle schools , 93 elementary schools and 8 specialized schools .
Template to aid switching the font-size used for a text string .
Two years later , Metric released their second studio album , Live It Out , on October 4 , 2005 .
This daily show deals with pop culture , internet viral videos , and celebrity gossip .
The Kunhar River , swollen by glacier melt , meanders its way through the Naran Valley .
Right whales were so named because early whalers considered them the `` right '' whale to hunt .
It is made from meat off-cuts and offal , especially pork .
James has two tattoos : an Asian symbol meaning ` love ' on her ankle and a dragon that wraps around it .
There are lots of little clues/hints about this in the movie - many little things have a meaning - but we 're not very `` tight '' with it , because we are hoping people will have their own ideas about the story , and make a new version of the movie .
The Hijra is celebrated annually on 8 Rabi ' I , about 66 days after 1 Muharram , the first day of the Muslim year .
While educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women , it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes , enabling many households with one or more graduate degree householders to enter the top household income quintile .
The following is a complete discography of every album and single released by Swedish singer Amanda Jenssen .
Areas of the state far away from the Gulf are not immune to the effects of the storms , which often dump tremendous amounts of rain as they move inland and weaken .
Van der Sloot stated that he attempted to revive her , without success .
Much Chomsky criticism revolves around his political views .
Edward Charles `` Whitey '' Ford is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who spent his entire 18-year career with the New York Yankees .
In 2009 Foster was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award in the Arts category .
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
Since then , Ipswich Town remain undefeated at Portman Road in all European competitions , a total of 31 matches spanning 40 years , a record until it was surpassed by AZ Alkmaar in December 2007 .
The initial development of this system can be linked to Hurricane Florence .
Brian Cowen is the current Taoiseach of Ireland .
Beginning in the 1970s , the ICRC became more systematic in training in order to develop a more professional staff . The ICRC is an attractive career for university graduates especially in Switzerland , but the workload as an ICRC employee is demanding .
It won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program in 1990 .
Although a rural settlement , it lies within commuting distance of Glasgow , and serves as a dormitory town .
The leaked code was confirmed to be genuine as its output was found to match that of proprietary software using licensed RC4 .
They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers and are by nature quite affectionate .
I have aimed higher than this '' .
Morgan lost most of the initial Reward and Immunity challenges , leaving them three players down and with fewer items to work with at camp .
Note that the sum of the residuals within a random sample is necessarily zero , and thus the residuals are necessarily not independent .
A handwriting analysis conclusively matched the two .
Their numerous needle-like teeth are ideal for holding on to struggling , slippery fish .
The Petronas Twin Towers , in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia are twin towers and were the world 's tallest buildings before being surpassed by Taipei 101 .
Universal Music Group owns a music publisher , Universal Music Publishing Group , which became the world 's largest following the acquisition of BMG Music Publishing in May 2007 .
It is a Punjabi film starring actor Sultan Rahi in the lead role and with Aseia and Mustafa Qureshi as the villain Noori Natt .
In Tamil , the unripe fruit is referred to as ` narthangai ' , which is usually salted and dried to make a preserve .
Analysis of Nile River deposited sediments in the delta also shows this period had a higher proportion of sediments coming from the Blue Nile , suggesting higher rainfall also in the Ethiopian Highlands .
News and current affairs programming has always constituted the dominant part of BBC Radio Scotland 's schedules , especially on weekdays .
By mid-September 1918 , over 623 disturbances had occurred in 38 cities , 153 towns and 177 villages , with over 2 million participants .
It is used to calculate the angular displacement of an object subjected to a torque .
Manager Leo Durocher informed the team , `` I do not care if the guy is yellow or black , or if he has stripes like a fuckin ' zebra .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 10 .
The procedure of deferentectomy , also known as a vasectomy , is a method of contraception in which the vasa deferentia are permanently cut , though in some cases it can be reversed .
The Mongolic languages are a group of languages spoken in Central Asia , notably including Mongolian .
Neptune 's innermost four moons - Naiad , Thalassa , Despina and Galatea - orbit close enough to be within Neptune 's rings .
He was an important figure in the emergence of socialism in Britain , founding the Socialist League in 1884 , but breaking with the movement over goals and methods by the end of that decade .
Lange 's photographs humanized the tragic consequences of the Great Depression and profoundly influenced the development of documentary photography .
The Gaussian distribution is one of many things named after Carl Friedrich Gauss , who used it to analyze astronomical data , and determined the formula for its probability density function .
The city lies at the meeting point of different geographical regions - east from the Bükk mountains , in the valley of the river Sajó and the streams Hejő and Szinva .
Kale , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
The site receives over one million new job listings each month , making it one of the top job boards in the world .
In 1517 , he published a list of 95 Theses , or points to be debated , concerning the illicitness of selling indulgences .
These factors facilitated the Islamic conquest of Persia .
This would probably explain the origin of Bunyan 's last name since `` Bonyenne '' is a colloquial French-Canadian expression of surprise and astonishment meaning `` Good Grief '' or `` My Goodness '' .
Chacrise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The common word plastic should not be confused with the technical adjective plastic , which is applied to any material which undergoes a permanent change of shape when strained beyond a certain point . Aluminium , for instance , is plastic in this sense , but not a plastic in the common sense ; in contrast , in their finished forms , some plastics will break before deforming and therefore are not plastic in the technical sense .
This storm is known as the Calypso Hurricane .
Design management is not limited on a single design discipline .
Skol is an international beer brand .
In 1959 , Dodd was named to the University of Tennessee 's Hall of Fame and to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player .
Her bluff about obtaining the Hidden Immunity Idol proved false ; she was voted out 5-2 .
Ordinarily produces density output : permi2/sq mi .
In 1912 , on an expedition to Vietnam , he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur .
Villamanín is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Though poverty was rampant the Green daughters wrote friends asking for any amount money they could give .
In those cases , there was an abrupt cutoff of energetic electrons as Cassini crossed into the moons ' plasma shadows .
Instead , Fielding draws on the Scriblerus Club 's use of satire and the humor common to traditional Restoration and Augustan drama .
In 1978 , he became assistant conductor at the Kirov Opera , now the Mariinsky Opera , under Yuri Temirkanov , where he made his debut conducting Sergei Prokofiev 's War and Peace .
A well-known example is a poem by Emily Dickinson , `` I Dreaded That First Robin So '' . Among other 19th-century poems about the first robin of spring is `` The First Robin '' by Dr. William H. Drummond , which according to the author 's wife is based on a Quebec superstition that whoever sees the first robin of spring will have good luck .
It is located next to the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena adjacent to the campus of the University of Southern California . The stadium is jointly owned by the State of California , Los Angeles County , and the City of Los Angeles ; it is currently managed by the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Commission , which has board members drawn from the three ownership interests .
Hurricane Bertha passed Antigua and Barbuda later in the day as a Category 1 storm , then passed across many of the other Leeward Islands . Its track shifted more to the north , and Bertha passed far enough from Puerto Rico that only tropical storm force winds were recorded there .
Leeds is the cultural , financial and commercial heart of the wider West Yorkshire Urban Area , which at the 2001 census had a population of 1.5 million , and the Leeds city region , an economic area with Leeds at its core , had a population of 2.9 million .
In 1961 , he became a privatdozent in Marburg , and - in a move that was highly unusual for the German academic scene of that time - he was offered the position of `` extraordinary professor '' of philosophy at the University of Heidelberg in 1962 , which he accepted .
112 is a Grammy Award winning American R&B quartet from Atlanta , Georgia .
She is married to the former British Prime Minister , Tony Blair .
Faucoucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
During the early 1930s Ellis worked with N.F. Mott on energy relations in beta decay .
Yangon became the capital of Union of Burma on 4 January 1948 when the country regained independence from the British Empire .
In the first Republic of Latvia Ainaži was revitalized .
This gives an axial tilt of about 14 or 54 , respectively .
Less destructive is the ever-popular `` Ding-Dong Ditch '' : in this ` game ' people ring doorbells or knock on doors , and then run and hide somewhere nearby .
Christopher Marlowe was an English dramatist , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
A number of species such as Sargassum have adapted to a fully planktonic niche and are free-floating , depending on gas-filled sacs to maintain an acceptable depth .
Deliverance was released on November 4 , 2002 , and debuted at number 19 on the US Top Independent Albums chart , marking the band 's first US chart appearance .
Pizmonim , or any melodies , are generally not applied throughout the week during prayer services .
Balaenoptera omurai is a species of whale about which almost nothing is known .
Under the sakura trees , people had lunch and drank sake in cheerful feasts .
Ptolemy XV , sometimes referred to as `` Ptolemy Caesar '' , most commonly known by his nickname Caesarion , was born in Egypt in 47 BC and was the son of Julius Caesar .
Christopher Paolini is an American novelist .
It 's a good practice to provide a valid reference for the prices calculated with this template in the articles where it 's used .
The unmanned Ares V will complement the smaller , and human-rated Ares I rocket for the launching of the 4-6 person Orion spacecraft .
In computing , a platform describes some sort of hardware architecture or software framework , that allows software to run .
It results in the formation of carbonic acid .
West was born in Winston-Salem , North Carolina ; there , he became an Eagle Scout with Bronze Palms , and attended Atkins High School , graduating as valedictorian in 1959 .
In 1671 Cardinal Altieri authorized its use for bullfights ; a public outcry caused the idea to be hastily abandoned .
The indentured workers and slaves were Asians , Malays , and Malagasys in addition to the indigenous Khoi and Bushmen .
After the Treaty was narrowly ratified by 64 to 57 , de Valera and a large minority of Sinn Féin TDs left Dáil Éireann .
Ultraman and his many kin are usually red-and-silver and have glowing yellow almond-shaped dome eyes and various abilities , most notably to fire energy beams from various positions of crossed hands .
The prayer `` O Sacred Heart of Jesus , I place all my trust in Thee '' is often used .
Yasuyuki Moriyama is a former Japanese football player .
The stadium holds 9,000 people .
Released for the PlayStation 2 in 2003 , it is the second game in the Ratchet & Clank series , following Ratchet & Clank and preceding .
Shinto has been called `` the religion of Japan '' , and the customs and values of Shinto are inseparable from those of Japanese culture .
Rigel has been a known visual binary since at least 1831 , when it was first measured by F. G. W. Struve . Though Rigel B is not particularly faint at magnitude 6.7 , its closeness to Rigel A - which is over 500 times brighter - makes it a challenging target for telescopes smaller than 150 m. At Rigel 's estimated distance , Rigel B is separated from its primary by over 2200 AU ; not surprisingly , there has been no sign of orbital movement , though they share the same proper motion .
African diasporic religions are a number of related religions that developed in the Americas among African slaves and their descendants in various countries of the Caribbean Islands and Latin America , as well as parts of the southern United States .
Florence and the Machine , is the recording name of Florence Welch and a collaboration of other artists who provide backing music for her voice .
Rafael Felipe Scheidt is a Brazilian footballer .
To this day , Pakistan has a close relationship with Turkey .
Kwok then performed in music videos and variety shows for other singers .
A supercentenarian is someone who has reached the age of 110 or older .
It never affected land until the very end of its lifespan as a weak extratropical system , which had minor impact in the northern British Isles .
AboutUs.org is a wiki Internet domain directory .
After many successful albums she decided to release a best of album , and in September 1998 , she released The Best of Ajda . Two years later , in 2000 , Ajda released another studio album , simply called Diva and enjoyed sales of over two million copies .
271 - 301 : A period of dynastic struggles .
In February 2009 Manchester City Council announced that the sculpture would be dismantled and placed in storage , as the `` only practical alternative '' .
For nine years Mengelberg dominated the scene , although other conductors , among them Bruno Walter , Wilhelm Furtwängler , Igor Stravinsky , and Arturo Toscanini , led about half of each season 's concerts .
The devil 's stone weighs 220 tons and stands near Göschenen .
Either μ is in this interval or is n't .
The video was directed by Hype Williams , and was premiered on December 16 , 2005 .
Jains have sustained the ancient Shraman or ascetic religion and have significantly influenced other religious , ethical , political and economic spheres in India .
Archosaurs are a group of diapsid amniotes represented by modern birds and crocodilians . This group also includes extinct non-avian dinosaurs , pterosaurs and relatives of crocodiles .
Emperor Pedro II is usually considered the greatest Brazilian .
The Sugar Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played in the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans , Louisiana .
This is often due to deficiency of vitamin B and/or folic acid .
Fewer than 10 % of all cartels in the sample failed to raise market prices .
In 2005 and 2006 , the Bulgarian State Railways begin operating Desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with Siemens AG for a total of 25 Diesel multiple units .
It is a large family , with 88 genera and some 2,000 species .
One night after finishing recording `` Shiver '' , the lead single of the album , the band took a break and went out of the studio .
Some cyclopoid copepods are predators on first instar larvae , killing up to 40 Aedes larvae per day .
If a page was originally at a name that is now a redirect as a result of a move , evidently Google continues to index the content at the original page name .
He thereafter spent much of his time in Britain and the United States .
The Nilotic tribes , probably an offshoot of the Acholi , appear to have crossed the lake to reach their present home , the country around Kavirondo Gulf .
A black knight is a knight not bound to a specific liege .
Savonarola was born in Ferrara , the capital of an independent Duchy in Emilia-Romagna , northern Italy .
Crawford is a town located in western McLennan County , Texas , United States .
They have been planted in some places to lower the water table and reduce soil salination .
The period of his rule is often called the Momoyama period , named after Hideyoshi 's castle .
The body of the brush can be made from either bamboo , or rarer materials like red sandalwood , glass , ivory , silver , and gold .
Cristina Elizabet Fernández de Kirchner , commonly known as Cristina Fernández or Cristina Kirchner , is the current President of Argentina .
Gin and Juice is the second single by rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg from his debut album Doggystyle . The song pays homage to Seagrams and Tanqueray gin .
At the tour 's final stop in Honolulu , Hawaii on February 9 , 1997 , Shepherd threw his bass into the air in frustration after suffering equipment failure , and subsequently stormed off the stage .
Graf is considered by some to be the greatest female player . Billie Jean King said in 1999 , `` Steffi is definitely the greatest women 's tennis player of all time . ''
19th century historians from countries that carried out the partitions , such as 19th century Russian scholar Sergey Solovyov , and their 20th century followers , argued that partitions were justified , as the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth had degenerated to the point of being partitioned because of the counterproductive principle of liberum veto that made decision-making on divisive issues , such as a wide-scale social reform , virtually impossible .
In 1993 , Dushku landed a role as Pearl alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio in This Boy 's Life , a role that she said opened a lot of doors .
The Site is still owned by James Cook University even though the only building on the site is the bunker , accept for all the old slabs on the site .
V. On September 20 , another hurricane hit Dominica , causing an additional 165 deaths .
The tabla is a popular Indian percussion instrument used in the classical , popular and devotional music of the Indian subcontinent and in Hindustani classical music .
The Battle of Granada was a siege of the city of Granada fought over a period of months leading up to its surrender on January 2 , 1492 .
Brussels , officially the Brussels Region or Brussels-Capital Region , is the de facto capital city of the European Union and the largest urban area in Belgium . It comprises 19 municipalities , including the City of Brussels proper , which is the constitutional capital of Belgium , Flanders , the Flemish Community , and the French Community of Belgium .
Though not free , villeins were by no means in the same position as slaves : they enjoyed legal rights , subject to local custom , and had recourse to the law , subject to court charges which were an additional source of manorial income .
After the script is translated from Japanese , the lines are adapted to fit the movements of the character 's mouth .
Aeschylus ' work was so respected by the Athenians that after his death , his were the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in subsequent competitions .
Villmergen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
This is a list of the 11 shortest-reigning popes .
Noble County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
He was an instructor at the Académie Julian in Paris .
Foxes are a common subject of Japanese folklore ; kitsune usually refers to them in this context .
Bronstein insinuated that Soviet officials pressured him to lose in the 1951 world championship match so that Botvinnik would keep the title , but comments by Botvinnik 's second , Salo Flohr , and Botvinnik 's own annotations to the critical 23rd game indicate that Botvinnik knew of no such plot .
Deomyinae is the older name and therefore has priority over Acomyinae .
An orphan after the death of her father when she was 11 years old , she requested that her favorite uncle , James Buchanan , be appointed her legal guardian .
Allotinus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
There were only reports of toppled trees and power lines , knocking out power to some communities , particularly on Santa Maria Island .
However , they also have significant differences , such as fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on London Underground rolling stock to give more standing room , which is necessary for the high passenger volume metro-style services expected to be run on London Overground .
Overall , the climate is warm and humid , and heavily influenced by warm sea currents .
Victoria station , also known as London Victoria , is a major central London railway terminus , London Underground and coach station in the City of Westminster .
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Dera Ismail Khan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
It literally means `` precious one '' .
Even King Charles was in the locality at the time .
Tolstoy believed being a Christian required him to be a pacifist ; the consequences of being a pacifist , and the apparently inevitable waging of war by government , made him a philosophical anarchist .
Monroe had met Paula Strasberg and her daughter Susan on the set of There 's No Business Like Show Business , and had previously said that she would like to study with Lee Strasberg at the Actors Studio .
The name `` Leberkäse '' literally translates to `` liver-cheese '' even though in Bavaria the dish traditionally contains neither liver nor cheese .
It is located on the Gulf of Gemlik , part of the south coast of the Sea of Marmara .
The novel explores Tolstoy 's theory of history , and in particular the insignificance of individuals such as Napoleon and Alexander .
General Weygand and General von Gruennel are not mentioned in the document .
However since The club were taken over by the Lionheart Consortium , it reverted back to its original name , Almondvale Stadium .
Caid is the name given to various ancient and traditional Irish football games .
Late on August 22 it rapidly weakened to Category 2 status before crossing over Johnston Atoll .
Heihachi sends his Tekken Forces to raid G Corporation and retrieve Kazuya 's remains , but the mission fails when the Force is wiped out by none other than Kazuya himself , who has been revived by G Corporation and is now stronger than ever before . At the same time , Jin is unable to be located which leaves Heihachi with no way to complete his research .
Souclin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Sunnah is an Arabic word that means habit or usual practice .
The 2002 World Wrestling Federation Brand Extension Draft took place at Penn State University in State College , Pennsylvania on March 25 , 2002 .
The eastern half consists of the tract known as the Nala , which includes , along with a number of low hills and much broken country , a considerable area of fairly good level land , portions of which are irrigated from wells and by cuts from the Haro and other smaller streams .
Niel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Pomps is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The sponsor of the Cyclassics , the Hamburg electricity plant HEW , has adopted a new name , and from 2006 , this cycling race has been known as the Vattenfall Cyclassics .
He was born in Reus , a town near Tarragona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain .
China 's Shanghai Jiao Tong University placed Ohio State as the 61st ranked university in the world in their 2007 Academic Ranking of World Universities .
He is best known for his role as Brent Leroy on the CTV sitcom Corner Gas , which he also created .
Natural gas prices rose considerably in New York Mercantile Exchange electronic trading on August 2 .
The project was canceled , and Atari went with the second `` System X '' also titled PAM , that would later become the Atari 5200 . Atari also cloned the Atari 3200 into the Sears Super Arcade II , but this was never released .
All other minerals present are regarded as nonessential in almost all igneous rocks and are called accessory minerals . Types of igneous rocks with other essential minerals are very rare , and these rare rocks include those with essential carbonates .
Damage from Ike is estimated at $ 32 billion of which $ 24 billion was in the US , the third most destructive U.S. hurricane on record , behind Katrina in 2005 and Andrew in 1992 .
The great seal of the school was designed by Paul Revere .
However , it would be inappropriate to add the page to .
The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m , and corresponds to the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton , two large rocks emerging from the lake which date from the last ice age .
Eysines is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The deal was completed on 13 June .
For example , it took Tazz assisting Raven at InVasion for Raven to beat William Regal .
Charles Higounet was a French historian medievalist , specialising in bastides and the medium age period in south-west of France .
Mukshpuri and Miranjani are two nearby high peaks .
They can breathe intense flames that can melt any material .
In June 1993 , more than 500,000 listeners gathered for his free performance on the Great Lawn of New York 's Central Park , while millions more around the world watched on television .
In addition to learning to play established or ancient pieces very well , highly skilled qin players may also compose or improvise , although the player must be very good and extremely familiar with the instrument to do this successfully .
However , positive steps have been taken by the Malaysian and Indonesian governments to prevent its extinction in the wild .
While her parents encouraged her dream of becoming an actress , they also urged her to complete a liberal arts education before deciding on acting as a career .
Donelson was Emily 's first cousin and a ward of their mutual uncle and aunt , Andrew and Rachel Donelson Jackson .
McComb is a city in Pike County , Mississippi , United States , about 80 miles south of Jackson , just off the I-55 .
If one were to stand behind a large adult sitting stationary in a swing and give him a strong push , the adult would accelerate relatively slowly and swing only a limited distance forwards before beginning to swing backwards .
Since then , several women have attained the Vice Presidency , and the female proportion after the Cold War has been about 15 % .
They also have a fovea , which is atypical for nocturnal animals .
The template takes one parameter .
Rüştü Reçber is a Turkish football goalkeeper who currently plays for Besiktas J.K.
The program , which was on-air for more than 25 years , was also transmitted by M80 radio and Antena 3 Radio .
The federal subject status gives the oblasts some degree of autonomy and gives them representation in the Federation Council .
Additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .
A Winter in Majorca described the period that she and Chopin spent on that island in 1838-9 .
Megan Martha `` Meg '' White is an American drummer best known as one half of the Detroit rock duo The White Stripes , with her ex-husband Jack White .
The game was released by Vivendi Universal for the Nintendo GameCube , Xbox , PlayStation 2 , and Windows in the United States on September 16 , 2003 and in Europe on October 24 , 2003 .
When Tropical Depression Thirty was upgraded to Tropical Storm Zeta at 0600 UTC on December 30 , it became the second latest-forming tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Atlantic . Only Hurricane Alice of December 1953 formed later than Zeta , becoming a tropical storm around 1200 UTC .
If the company uses proxy servers , this IP address may represent many users at many physical computers .
The 2009 - 10 Nashville Predators season is the Nashville Predators ' eleventh season in the National Hockey League .
A pornographic actor/actress or a porn star is a person who appears in pornographic films .
Diapers have been worn throughout human history , and made of cloth or disposable materials . Whereas cloth diapers are composed of layers of fabric such as cotton or microfiber and can be washed and reused multiple times , disposable diapers contain absorbent chemicals and are thrown away after use .
Kirby 's Adventure , known in Japan as , is a platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console .
In early designs a cache miss would force the cache controller to stall the processor and wait .
See link to make sure you know what an international version is .
Saulchery is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It is also designated Uranus XIII .
Its county seat is Sallisaw .
Illinois has 59 legislative districts , with two representatives and one senator from each correspondent district .
Pressures were high in the Gulf of Mexico , but the low strengthened into Tropical Depression Three on August 15 , and became Tropical Storm Alicia later that day .
Different instructions may take different amounts of time .
Most of the bands Michael has played with are in the power metal genre .
The city is the county seat of Sumter County .
Most of the region is governed by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic , an unrecognized , de facto independent state established on the basis of the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast within the Azerbaijan SSR of the Soviet Union . The territory is internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan , which has not exercised power over most of the region since 1991 .
Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko is a Russian politician , a member of United Russia party . She has been the governor of Saint Petersburg since she was elected in 2003 .
Both continue to carry the name Dahmer and say they love Jeffrey despite his crimes . Lionel Dahmer 's first wife , Joyce , died of cancer in 2000 at the age of 64 .
Other important rivers are the Siret , running north-south through Moldavia , the Olt , running from the oriental Carpathian Mountains to Oltenia , and the Mureş , running through Transylvania from East to West .
His supporters believe he played a key role in the design of the first American flag .
Kisa is reported to have said that at least 100 people speak Toki Pona fluently and estimates that a few hundred have a basic knowledge of the language .
There are 676 individually dated entries beginning in September 1939 through May 1945 .
As in pair skating , dancers compete as a couple consisting of a man and a woman .
Miura-no-suke refused .
Motorola started in Chicago , Illinois as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928 with its first product being a battery eliminator . The name Motorola was adopted in 1930 , and the word has been used as a trademark since the 1930s .
It was discovered by Charles Dillon Perrine at Lick Observatory in 1905 . It is the eighth largest moon of Jupiter and is named after the mother by Zeus of the giant Tityus .
Since for most vehicles the wheels are the only part touching the ground , the axles must bear the weight of the vehicle plus any cargo , as well as acceleration and braking forces .
In Greek mythology , Sagittarius is identified as a centaur : half human , half horse .
The current Louisiana governor is Bobby Jindal , the first Indian American to be elected governor .
County Council administrations in parts of England and Wales are generally based in a building , by analogy , called `` County Hall '' .
WWE reportedly suspended ten wrestlers named in the controversy , though Batista was not one of them .
The 2000 census shows that 79.9 % of Syrian Americans speak English `` very well '' .
This is sometimes used to produce chronograms .
Rutherglen is a town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
You can use your user page to help you to use Wikipedia more effectively : to list `` to do '' information , works in progress , reminders , useful links , and so forth .
Usually , it occurs before the actual comeback .
In 1753 France began building a series of forts in the contested Ohio Country .
Conthey is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
See Thomas Hardy 's Wessex .
When the Constitution was written , constitutional democracy was still in its infancy , and the founding fathers of Switzerland had little in the way of examples .
Most limpets feed by grazing on algae which grows on the rock where they live .
The channel also signed new multiyear agreements with Time Warner , Cablevision , and Dish Network on October 22 , 2009 .
From 1961 , this vehicle was called the Ford Taunus Transit .
His resignation came shortly before a vote was held to expel him .
The London Borough of Hillingdon is the westernmost borough in Greater London , England .
For young/small trees with minimal crowns a TPZ equal to 1-foot for every inch of trunk diameter may suffice .
It is also designated Uranus X.
Scurvy could not be checked .
Metadata is `` data about data . ''
If a child lives with only one parent , that parent has `` sole physical custody '' and is said to be the `` custodial parent '' .
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna the Final Act only recognized 39 sovereign states in the European diplomatic system , and as a result it was firmly established that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states , and that meant in practice recognition by one or more of the great powers .
They are a common sight along the Pacific Coast of the United States , particularly in the spring or autumn .
The Public Broadcasting Service is an American non-profit public broadcasting television service with 354 member TV stations in the United States which hold collective ownership .
MEPIS is developed and maintained by an active community begun by Warren Woodford and the eponymous company MEPIS LLC .
Subsequently , it moved over southeastern New York State .
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib , a Minister in the North West Frontier Province from 1932 to 1942 , was born in Nagri Totial .
Robert Peck then elected to return to Hingham , Norfolk , and resumed as rector of St Andrews Church .
Singapore Airlines Limited is the flag carrier of Singapore .
After years of internment , like Brainin and Nissel , Schidlof became a pupil of Max Rostal , and it was Rostal who became the mentor of the Amadeus and persuaded Schidlof , who had been a violinist , to become a viola player .
Modalists note that the only number ascribed to God in the Holy Bible is One and that there is no inherent threeness ascribed to God explicitly in scripture .
It lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne , opposite Newcastle upon Tyne .
At different times and places , non-Muslims living under Muslim rule were required to demonstrate deference to mosques .
The final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division , when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
He and Jacques Piccard were aboard the bathyscaphe Trieste when it made a record-breaking descent into the Mariana Trench in 23 January 1960 , the deepest point in the world 's oceans .
No one was able to agree whether 20,000 or 30,000 people showed up .
Baucau is the second-largest city in East Timor , after Dili , the capital , which lies 122 km away .
The new tropical storm moved west-northwest , passing north of the Antilles , and reached hurricane strength north of Puerto Rico on August 22 . At this point , Hurricane Bonnie turned to the northwest , away from the Bahamas and Florida , and toward the Carolinas .
Bembridge is a village and civil parish located on the easternmost point of the Isle of Wight .
The blueberry muffin is the official state muffin of Minnesota .
Twisted shapes can be produced by rotating the plant with respect to gravity and directed light sources .
Mersenne primes are interesting to many for their connection to perfect numbers .
He spoke many languages and spent time in Italy and Ottoman Turkey before going to the United States in 1854 .
Bourne End is a village predominantly in the parish of Wooburn and Bourne End , but also in the parish of Little Marlow , in Buckinghamshire , England .
He made several discoveries and inventions including a system of latitude and longitude .
Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills .
The leader and oldest member in the group , he was discovered at the `` 2006 S.M. Academy Casting '' .
In 1885 Barbados became an independent colony again .
The purpose of a thesaurus is to offer the user a listing of similar or related words ; these are often , but not always , synonyms .
In 1806 the Kingdom of Holland replaced the republic to further French interests .
An arpeggio is a type of broken chord .
Another bee-inspired stigmergic computational technique called bee colony optimization is employed in Internet Server Optimization .
Safari is a web browser developed by Apple .
Yoshio Kikugawa is a former Japanese football player .
In Cameron Parish , Louisiana the Office of Emergency Preparedness ordered a mandatory evacuation , where Sheriff 's deputies also erected roadblocks .
Throwing the hurley is illegal , though camogie players may drop it to make a handpass .
The Main Ingredient is an American soul and R&B group best known for their 1972 hit song , `` Everybody Plays the Fool '' .
The track was used in the first music video by DragonForce .
Paul Steinitz was born in Chichester in 1909 , the son of an Anglican clergyman .
Contescourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Over 620,000 candidates take ABRSM examinations each year in over ninety countries .
Some short-lived perennials may appear to be biennial rather than perennial .
Alberto continued its fast forward motion , and struck western Nova Scotia late on August 7 .
In autumn 1558 , Calvin became ill with a fever .
In 1685 , James II of England sent Wissing to the Netherlands to paint portraits of his Dutch son-in-law and daughter , the future William III of England and the future Mary II of England .
It is 29 m north of Aberdeen and 3 m south of Peterhead .
Thrymr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,810 Mm in 1120.809 days , at an inclination of 175 to the ecliptic , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.453 .
He was convicted in June 2007 and was sentenced to death for crimes committed in the al-Anfal campaign of the 1980s .
In 2005 the American Humanist Association became the Coalition 's fifth member organization . The Society for Humanistic Judaism and the Freedom From Religion Foundation joined the Coalition in January 2006 , the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers in February 2007 , and the American Ethical Union in April 2008 .
Writer Eli Attie called David Axelrod to talk about Obama after Obama 's 2004 Democratic National Convention speech and says that he `` drew inspiration from in drawing character , '' while actor Jimmy Smits says that Obama `` was one of the people that I looked to draw upon . ''
Honduras is a republic in Central America .
King Alfred the Great was born at the royal palace there in the 9th century Wantage appears in the Domesday Book of 1086 .
Adam Charles Clayton is the bassist of the Irish rock band U2 .
Skara Brae is a large stone-built Neolithic settlement , located on the Bay of Skaill on the west coast of Mainland , Orkney , Scotland .
Its purpose , in a building or an automobile , is to provide comfort during either hot or cold weather .
In The Queen v. Foxby , 6 Mod .
Plantain leaves can exceed two meters in length .
The term originates from the custom of the commanding officer to fly a distinguishing flag .
The town also used to have a much bigger population back when the neighboring DOE site was bigger .
When Eva falls into the river , Tom saves her . In gratitude , Eva 's father , Augustine St. Clare , buys Tom from the slave trader and takes him with the family to their home in New Orleans .
From the mid-eighteenth century , the East India Company began to maintain armies at each of its three main stations , or ` Presidencies of British India , at Calcutta , Madras and Bombay The Bengal Army , Madras Army , and Bombay Army were quite distinct , each with its own list of Regiments and cadre of European officers .
Veltheim is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Further expansions of the company 's publishing business include the purchase of how-to publisher Sterling Publishing in 2003 and the launch of Quamut in 2008 .
It roughly comprised the territory of present-day northern Tunisia , north-eastern Algeria and the Mediterranean coast of modern-day western Libya along the Syrtis Minor .
The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips .
Widehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A discontinued SKU , the `` Xbox 360 Core , '' was replaced by the `` Xbox 360 Arcade '' in October 2007 . The 60 GB version of the Xbox 360 Pro was released on August 1 , 2008 .
The river forms part of the borders between Maryland and Washington , D.C. on the left descending bank and West Virginia and Virginia on the river 's right descending bank .
Lyric derives from the Greek word lyrikos , meaning `` singing to the lyre '' . A lyric poem is one that expresses a subjective , personal point of view .
In 2002 , Bangladesh introduced the death penalty for throwing acid and laws strictly controlling the sales of acids .
Trace a path across the IRC network to a specific server or client , in a similar method to traceroute .
She was played by the late actress Wendy Richard between 1985 and 2006 .
Oat is the only cereal containing a globulin or legume-like protein , avenalin , as the major storage protein .
Hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer and , by some , the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity .
The British Rail Class 930 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units and diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use .
Though von Frisch insisted on the direct connection between the dance language and the waggle dance , recent criticism holds that potential foragers need not correctly translate the dance language from the waggle dance to successfully forage .
On 22 December 1997 , Chun 's sentence was commuted by President Kim Young-sam , on the advice of incoming President Kim Dae-jung .
He committed suicide in 1929 , aged 71 , shortly after the death of his wife .
Prada took on debts of Fendi , as the latter company was not doing well financially .
The toothmarks are parallel with rough marks on the nut surface for a Wood Mouse ; the Bank Vole leaves parallel grooves with no rough marks .
Pericles was a prominent and influential statesman , orator , and general of Athens during the city 's Golden Age - specifically , the time between the Persian and Peloponnesian wars .
Hwanin had a son Hwanung who yearned to live on the earth among the valleys and the mountains .
On March 22 , 2008 , Hager went against the FCW Southern Heavyweight Champion Heath Miller , in New Port Richey , Florida , to determine the true Heavyweight Champion .
The Russian First Division is the second level of Russian professional football .
Cocktails became less popular in the late 1960s and 1970s , as other recreational drugs became common . In the 1980s cocktails again became popular , with vodka often substituted for gin in drinks such as the martini .
This is a common process in plants especially those which exhibit polyploidy .
Lucuma has been found on ceramics at burial sites of the indigenous people of coastal Peru .
Free content , or free information , is any kind of functional work , artwork , or other creative content having no significant legal restriction relative to people 's freedom to use , distribute copies , modify , and to distribute derived works of the content . It is distinct from open content in that it can be modified , whereas one might not have that ability with content that is simply `` open '' and not `` free '' .
That 's why the town Ebern is named after the boar , and the town 's flag carries the head of the boar .
BP will operate phase I of the project .
La Nuestra Tierra was a weekly newspaper edited by the IDEL between 2000 and 2004 .
I. A hurricane struck Antigua on August 17 and moved westward to Jamaica before continuing westward to Vera Cruz , Mexico .
Some hardware and DIY enthusiasts have found ways to connect a wide array of input devices to the game port and even found other applications for it , such as voltage or current measurement or simple interfacing and data acquisition .
In certain applications , such as air compression , multi-stage double-acting compressors are said to be the most efficient compressors available , and are typically larger , noisier , and more costly than comparable rotary units .
Indeed , a non-zero level of inter-group co-operation is predicted , even if the group members are entirely unrelated , as long as there is competition between groups .
In addition , a number of lyrical themes are quite common to the genre , including themes of isolation , loneliness and failing love lives , and a fascination with `` geek '' pop culture such as comic books , science fiction and fantasy .
Allied with China under the Tang dynasty , Silla conquered Goguryeo in 668 , after having already conquered Gaya in 562 and Baekje in 660 , thus ushering in the North-South states period with Later Silla to the south and Balhae to the north .
Clara Josephine Wieck was born in Leipzig on 13 September 1819 to Friedrich and Marianne Wieck . Her parents divorced when she was six years old ; Clara was raised by her father .
Eckerö is a municipality of Åland , an autonomous territory under Finnish sovereignty .
Most of the municipalities rejected the proposition , and the new municipality consists of Faido , Chiggiogna , Rossura , and Calonico .
Twinkle was and is developed by and has its origins as a reversion script based on ideas found in 's script collection .
This is a link page for towns and cities in England .
The VC was introduced on 29 January 1856 by Queen Victoria to reward acts of valor during the Crimean War .
Yass was one of the sites proposed for the Federal Capital after 1901 .
In 1986 , Sundquist , who by that point had a wife and a child , decided to leave the band and spend time with his family .
Xena : Warrior Princess has been referred to as a pop cultural phenomenon and feminist icon .
A digital signature or digital signature scheme is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document .
Thymus serpyllum is an important nectar source plant for honeybees .
A small collection , Poems on Slavery , was published in 1842 as Longfellow 's first public support of abolitionism .
Dildo has a fast-growing tourist industry , at least partially on account of the town 's unusual name . Dildo offers picturesque scenery , several bed and breakfasts , eating establishments , the Dildo Museum interpretive center , the Historic Dildo Days celebration in August , boat tours , the Society of United Fishermen , the Lions center , several Industrial Heritage structures , walking trails , and many businesses .
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Song has been awarded since 1992 .
Born Gareth David Lloyd in Bettws , Newport , Wales , United Kingdom .
The district has an estimated population of 408,000 as of 2003 .
The capital city of Saint Lucia is Castries , where about one third of the population lives .
Studios realized that DVDP movies can be shot on a smaller budget , thus allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals , in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad .
Richard Wrangham of Harvard University argues that cooking of plant foods may have triggered brain expansion by allowing complex carbohydrates in starchy foods to become more digestible and in effect allow humans to absorb more calories .
After Germany 's Next Topmodel Meier was on the cover of many German magazines such as Cosmopolitan , Icon , Style International , Tango and appeared in international magazines like Vogue Taiwan , Grazia , Madame Figaro , L'Officiel and many more . She was also the face of many advertising campaigns such as for Pantene , Borsalino and Disneyland Resort Paris .
The Pir of Dewal , the grandfather of Abdul Majid Ahmed , had also died fighting in Dewal against the Sikh army chief Hari Singh Nalwa . He built a fort on frontier of Punjab and NWFP in 1815 , now called Aarhi or Hadd .
The Doctor is a Time Lord , an extraterrestrial from the planet Gallifrey , who travels time and space in an internally vast time machine called the TARDIS .
The Hunchakian party has established affiliate organizations such as the AEBU which is an organization that helps with educational , health and social care , the Armenian Dkhrouhi Youth Association and HMM which is a sporting organization .
The main exhibits were moved into the Shōwa period section of the Edo-Tokyo Museum , until reconstruction was complete .
His career in cinema started in 1914 , when a casual acquaintance offered him a part in a film . Since that part , he decided to pursue a career in cinema .
An early form of this was the white negro in the jazz and swing music scenes of the 1920s and 1930s ; as examined in the 1957 Norman Mailer essay , `` The White Negro : Superficial Reflections on the Hipster '' . ''
The series of fifty-two seven-minute programs focused on aquatic life and was intended to generate public interest in fish biology and in the work of the bureau - a task the several writers before Carson had not managed .
He also appeared in the 1945 Negro League All-Star Game .
Fontenais is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
About 3000 planetary nebulae are now known to exist in our galaxy , out of 200 billion stars .
He has developed a strong reputation for playing live performances at musical festivals and concerts in Australia and in North America .
Some approaches allow organizations to create their own private instant messaging network by enabling them to limit access to the server and administer user permissions .
Ali Pasha of Tepelena or of Yannina , the `` Lion of Yannina '' , was an Albanian ruler of the western part of Rumelia , the Ottoman Empire 's European territory which was also called Pashalik of Janina .
Drek 's solution is to build a new planet for his race by extracting large parts of other planets , destroying them in the process . Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy , Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark , in an effort to stop Drek .
Gwadar sub-division comprises two tehsils , named Gwadar and Jiwani , and one sub-tehsil named Suntsar .
Boeing is the prime contractor for the OTV program .
The blood orange is a variety of orange with crimson , blood-colored flesh .
Depending on the level of classification there are different rules controlling the level of clearance needed to view such information , and how it must be stored , transmitted , and destroyed .
Coţofenii din Dos is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,573 people .
Kris King is a former Canadian NHL hockey player . He played 14 seasons in the NHL for the Detroit Red Wings , New York Rangers , Winnipeg Jets , Phoenix Coyotes , Toronto Maple Leafs , and the Chicago Blackhawks .
He continued to study with many masters , of all schools of Tibetan Buddhism , especially His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche and His Holiness Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche .
The university grew out of an association of scholars in the city of Cambridge that was formed , early records suggest , in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk .
Fontaine - Étoupefour is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The median age of the population is 29 years .
A Currently topped out ; expected completion in 2009 .
Teuschnitz is a town in the district of Kronach , in Bavaria , Germany .
Holiday was recording for Columbia in the late 1930s when she was introduced to `` Strange Fruit '' , a song based on a poem about lynching written by Abel Meeropol , a Jewish schoolteacher from the Bronx .
Eddie Cantor was an American illustrated song `` model , '' comedian , dancer , singer , actor , and songwriter .
The term was coined by merging the name for the two orders , Cetacea and Artiodactyla , into a single word .
Population of the metropolitan area was 795,034 estimates , ranking as the eighth-largest metropolitan area of Spain .
The Treaty of Paris was signed on April 12 , 1229 between Raymond VII of Toulouse and Louis IX of France .
It is not possible to include a pipe in the contents as this symbol is used to separate parameters .
Following the Battle of Gaza in June 2007 , elected Hamas officials were ousted from their positions in the Palestinian National Authority government in the West Bank and replaced by rival Fatah members and independents . Hamas retained control of Gaza .
On 5 August 1993 , two trains collided at Clementi station because of an oil spillage on the track , which resulted in 132 injuries .
Hallucinations may be manifested in a variety of forms . Various forms of hallucinations affect different senses , sometimes occurring simultaneously , creating multiple sensory hallucinations for those experiencing them .
They chose the name `` Pizza Hut '' since the sign they purchased only had enough space for nine characters and spaces . The Original Pizza Hut building was later relocated to the Wichita State University campus .
He approaches the fissure and looks into it and see spirits coming out from deep within the Earth .
Unlike the original Kindle , Kindle 2 does not have a slot for SD memory cards .
By 1990 , the Asiatic Cheetah appeared to survive only in Iran .
José Carlos da Costa Araújo , best known as Zé Carlos was a Brazilian football goalkeeper who played for the Brazilian national team in the 1990 FIFA World Cup .
Annie Hannaway was a member of Cumann na mBan , the women 's branch of the IRA .
Many bands categorized as `` alternative metal '' are equally influenced by alternative rock and heavy metal .
In his Logical Investigations , Husserl mentions Frege only twice , once in a footnote to point out that he had retracted three pages of his criticism of Frege 's The Foundations of Arithmetic , and again to question Frege 's use of the word Bedeutung to designate `` reference '' rather than `` meaning '' .
The next day , approximately 600 tourists evacuated the islands of Vieques and Culebra .
Villeurbanne is a commune in the Rhône department in in eastern France .
The hotel was destroyed by a hurricane in the early Twentieth Century , and the community fell on hard times .
In meteorology and climatology , global numerical models of atmospheric flow are of increasing interest which employ grids that are based on an icosahedron instead of the more commonly used longitude/latitude grid .
No great events of national importance have happened here , and few famous people have made Hartley their home .
Profile and statistics of Livonir Ruschel on One .
Boards are usually supplied in random widths and lengths of a specified thickness , and sold by the board-foot .
They are produced on an industrial scale and treated in different ways for preservation .
Vacheron Constantin is considered to be company that was able to create one of the most complicated wristwatches in the world entitled Tour de I ` lle .
Nearby there is a disused ford across the Fowey estuary , but nowadays very few people know about it .
Boortmeerbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
However , God speaks directly to this question , condemns Job 's friends , and says that Job is the only man who has faithfully represented the true nature of God - that all his friends were wrong to say that faith and righteousness are rewarded . Only after Job 's friends make a sacrifice to God and are prayed for by afflicted Job does God restore all Job 's good fortune .
Other interoperability profiles exist in the DECT suite of standards , and in particular the DPRS bring together a number of prior interoperability profiles for the use of DECT as a wireless LAN and wireless internet access service .
Ecuador , officially the Republic of Ecuador , literally , `` Republic of the equator '' is a representative democratic republic in South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and by the Pacific Ocean to the west .
An Inaugural Brawl took place at the WWF Invasion pay-per-view , where Stone Cold Steve Austin defected and joined the Alliance .
Books have been released as tie-ins , including Xena Warrior Princess : Complete Illustrated Companion .
In 2007 the Department of Immigration finished construction of an `` Immigration Detention Centre '' , containing approximately 800 beds . Originally estimated to cost $ 210 million , the final cost was over $ 400 million .
The Kalash people are unique in their customs and religion .
He is best known for his book Les Propheties , the first edition of which appeared in 1555 .
Large navigable aqueducts are used as transport links for boats or ships .
The Three Forms of Unity is a collective name for the Belgic Confession , the Canons of Dort , and the Heidelberg Catechism , which reflect the doctrinal concerns of Continental Calvinism and are accepted as official statements of doctrine by many of the Reformed churches .
Forging the Sword is a fantasy novel written by American author Hilari Bell .
The three principal colonial powers were Spain , England , and France , although eventually even small powers like the Netherlands and Sweden received minor holdings on the continent .
Christopher John `` Chris '' Dodd is an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician serving as the senior U.S. Senator from Connecticut .
Joinville is the host city in July to the widely acclaimed `` Joinville Dance Festival '' , the annual `` Festival of Flowers '' in November which showcases orchids produced in the region , and several business events in its Convention Center .
Nott became music director of the Ensemble InterContemporain in 2000 .
In April 2008 , Mary Peters launched the official blog of the Secretary of Transportation called The Fast Lane .
A Hormel official once stated that the original meaning of the name `` Spam '' was `` Shoulder of Pork and Ham '' .
No damage or fatalities were reported as a result of Helene .
At the 2000 census the population was 160 .
Institut Curie is one of the leading medical , biological and biophysical research centres in the world .
Shigenori Hagimura is a Japanese former football player who has played for Kashiwa Reysol , Kyoto Purple Sanga , Albirex Niigata , and Tokyo Verdy .
This page contains a list of editors who use Huggle .
Prévessin - Moëns is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Mysterious pinwheels and telephones rise out of the meadow to show the days ' activities .
It is the official language of the Republic of Armenia as well as in the region of Nagorno-Karabakh .
Zhang Fei , however , was later rebuked by Liu Bei for ordering his soldiers to burn Changban Bridge down so as to delay the pursuit of Cao Cao 's forces . Zhang Fei was unhappy about this , and Liu Bei was later proven right when Cao Cao guessed correctly that Zhang Fei had burned the bridge out of fear .
Robson made a number of product endorsements , including an appearance in Carlsberg 's `` Best Pub Side '' television commercial .
Other bordering municipalities of Espoo are Nurmijärvi and Vihti in the north and Kirkkonummi in the west .
She regularly performed with conductors such as Barbirolli , Sargent , Sir Adrian Boult , Daniel Barenboim , Zubin Mehta , and Leonard Bernstein .
This first tour continued on January 5 , 2007 and included stops in Canada , Japan and Australia and then returned to the U.S. for a second tour in the spring .
In Orthodox Christianity , a passion bearer is a person who faces his or her death in a Christ-like manner .
After leaving the ice , Rollins coached the University of Calgary hockey team as well as clubs in Spokane , Salt Lake City , Houston , Tulsa and Phoenix .
Polity is closely related to Ecclesiology , the study of doctrine and theology relating to church organization .
The city is east of Buffalo , west of Syracuse and sits on the southern shore of Lake Ontario .
In fourth grade , she garnered national attention for winning first place in her school spelling bee .
Roux 's investigations were performed mainly on frogs ' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development .
There are also Tamil communities in other parts of India .
According to the World Health Organization , there is no one `` official '' definition of mental health .
Rachel Renee Smith is an American beauty queen and television personality from Clarksville , Tennessee , who won the Miss USA pageant in 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm .
Ruth Landes was an American cultural anthropologist best known for studies on Brazilian candomblé cults and her published study on the topic , City of Women .
In August 2005 , the first video game featuring Gumby , Gumby vs. the Astrobots , was released by Namco for the Game Boy Advance . In it , Gumby must rescue Pokey , Prickle and Goo after they are captured by the Blockheads and their cohorts , the Astrobots .
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Mohs scale of mineral hardness characterizes the scratch resistance of various minerals through the ability of a harder material to scratch a softer material . It was created in 1812 by the German mineralogist Friedrich Mohs and is one of several definitions of hardness in materials science .
Novaggio is a municipality in the district of Lugano , in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Again , using reliably allows up to 50 spaces at a time .
They disagree , however , on the interpretation of the historical evidence from this era regarding the prerogatives of the bishop of Rome as protos , a matter that was already understood in different ways in the first millennium . ''
For a summary page on how to use these templates , see the example page here .
A glass is often not understood as a ceramic because of its amorphous character . However , glass making involves several steps of the ceramic process and its mechanical properties are similar to ceramic materials .
Finland rejected territorial demands and was invaded by the Soviet Union in November 1939 .
In the Baroque era , and generally called a Serenata , a serenade was a type of cantata performed outdoors , in the evening , with mixed vocal and instrumental forces .
Juvincourt-et-Damary is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Her thesis focused on rural political behavior and representation .
When the shoe slides on the bottom it is not affected by the build-up of snow or leaves .
During a retrospective of Serrano 's work at the National Gallery of Victoria in 1997 , the then Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne , George Pell , sought an injunction from the Supreme Court of Victoria to restrain the National Gallery of Victoria from publicly displaying Piss Christ , which was not granted .
By default time periods are sorted according to their end date .
The dinar was introduced into circulation in 1923 , replacing the Indian rupee , which had been the official currency since the British occupation of the country in World War I , at a rate of 1 dinar = 13 1/3 rupees .
Manchester City Football Club is an English Premier League football club who play at the City of Manchester Stadium .
Also performing interviews were Dick LaPalm , Lew Irwin , Harry Shearer , Mike Masterson , and Richard Perry .
Any cipher that can prevent chosen-plaintext attacks is then also guaranteed to be secure against known-plaintext and ciphertext-only attacks ; this is a conservative approach to security .
It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms .
He scored no championship points .
In 1842 , a monument was erected to remember the sailors and fishermen lost at sea to the `` October Gale '' of 1841 .
Fert graduated in 1962 from the École Normale Supérieure in Paris .
Brian Steen Nielsen is a former Danish professional footballer from Denmark , who most notably played 66 matches as a defensive midfielder for the Denmark national team between 1990 and 2002 , scoring three goals .
The station name changed again when Wesermünde was renamed to Bremerhaven in 1947 , and the station became known as Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof .
The Onager is a large member of the genus Equus of the family Equidae native to the deserts of Syria , Iran , Pakistan , India , Israel , and Tibet .
He was raised on one of the local farms and went by the name Dent Young in his early years .
According to most descriptions , the flag of the State of Deseret was similar to the flag of the State of Utah , but as it was not standardized , multiple other secular and religious alternatives were also used .
The current version was released in June 2007 .
On July 2 , 2005 , the tip of the whaleback broke off , causing a rockfall that sent ash and dust several hundred meters into the air .
According to Moses of Khoren , he revolted against Alexander the Great and fell in battle , fighting for Darius the Great of Persia .
These characteristics were operationally recognized for three hours before high shear began to tear the system apart , just short of the six hours required to be officially declared a tropical depression .
This Finnish use of the hand - or sling-thrown explosive against Soviet tanks was repeated in the subsequent Continuation War between the two countries .
Shanghai is also an important center of Christianity in China .
They can move about in hives unmolested because they mimic the scent of the bees .
Rafael Martín Vázquez is a former Spanish footballer who played mostly as an attacking midfielder , with above-average skills .
France today produces around 78.1 % of its electricity through nuclear power .
Not all manors contained all three kinds of land : typically , demesne accounted for roughly a third of the arable area , and villein holdings rather more ; but some manors consisted solely of demesne , others solely of peasant holdings .
Li Bai is best known for the extravagant imagination and striking Taoist imagery in his poetry , as well as for his great love for liquor .
Moths , on the other hand , often have comb-like or feathery antennae , or filamentous and unclubbed .
This client , who is actually Jack the Ripper , murders Lulu , and then on his way out kills the Countess as well , who swears her love to Lulu as the curtain falls .
The 1944 Appalachians tornado outbreak was a deadly tornado outbreak that hit the Midwest and Middle Atlantic regions of the United States on June 22-23 , 1944 .
In the movie , the character portrayed by Natalie Portman says , `` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off ... but it 's better if you do '' .
Thus , Ryūjin is one of the ancestors of the Japanese imperial dynasty .
The ounce is used in a number of different systems , including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems .
Vonnas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A convoy of 350 farm tractors and 50,000 protesters took part in an anti-nuclear rally in Berlin on September 5 , 2009 .
He won prizes from the Royal Institute of British Architects and the Architectural Association .
In the year 1600 , many old tachi were cut down into katana . The majority of surviving tachi blades now are o-suriage , so it is rare to see an original signed ubu tachi .
The abdomen is everything posterior to the thorax . When viewed from above , most beetles appear to have three clear sections , but this is deceptive : on the beetle 's upper surface , the middle `` section '' is a hard plate called the pronotum , which is only the front part of the thorax ; the back part of the thorax is concealed by the beetle 's wings .
For many years Carthy has enjoyed a creative partnership with fiddle player Dave Swarbrick and , more recently , has provided the forum for a successful musical partnership with wife Norma Waterson together with their daughter Eliza Carthy .
A hurricane moved from north of Puerto Rico on September 29 to well northeast of Bermuda on October 1 .
Edinburgh Trams is a forthcoming light rail tramway system which is currently under construction in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Hiroki Iikura is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
A Night at the Opera is the fourth album by British rock group Queen , released in November 1975 .
On November 23 , 1955 , the islands were transferred to Australian control under the Cocos Islands Act 1955 pursuant to the Cocos Islands Act , 1955 .
Canton was the adopted home of President William McKinley .
Eventually , Alvin is forced into helping Arthur to escape some slave-hunters , something that requires him to slightly change Arthur 's DNA enough to prevent the hunters ' knacks from identifying the runaway child .
Space Invaders , Space Invaders Part II and Return of the Invaders are included in Taito Legends , a compilation of Taito 's classic arcade games released in 2005 on the PlayStation 2 , Xbox , and PC .
Rommel is regarded as a chivalrous and humane officer because his Afrikakorps was never accused of any war crimes .
With links 1993-94 etc.
The Riemann hypothesis , a conjecture about the distribution of the zeros of the Riemann zeta function , is considered by many mathematicians to be the most important unsolved problem in pure mathematics .
Unforgiven was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment , which took place on September 7 , 2008 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland , Ohio .
After an intense confrontation , the Cullens and their witnesses convince the Volturi that the child poses no danger to vampires or their secret , and they are left in peace by the Volturi .
It is referred to as the Tatar nationalist party .
North Scottsdale is currently the most actively developed area of Scottsdale as it was historically the least built up .
January temperatures range from highs near 32 F on the southern coast to overnight lows below 0 F in the far north .
They had the door to the cab at the rear , with a railed veranda behind the cab ; this feature was very unusual on British Rail locomotives although was used on many Yorkshire Engine Co. designs and was/is quite normal in North American practice .
The Portland Trail Blazers , commonly known as the Blazers , are an American professional basketball team based in Portland , Oregon .
On 9 November 1799 Napoleon Bonaparte staged the coup of 18 Brumaire which installed the Consulate .
All fish that are electrogenic are also electroreceptive .
The latter is also known as Shangrila Lake and is inside a tourist resort called Shangrila Resort .
Zhob Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
FreeBSD development is supported in part by the FreeBSD Foundation .
In 1959 , Chomsky published a widely influential review of B. F. Skinner 's theoretical book Verbal Behavior , which was the first attempt by a behaviorist to provide a functional , operant analysis of language .
They are a sea-faring people , and engaged in trade with people of Papua New Guinea .
In Kavanagh , a character says : We want a national literature commensurate with our mountains and rivers ... We want a national epic that shall correspond to the size of the country ... We want a national drama in which scope shall be given to our gigantic ideas and to the unparalleled activity of our people ... In a word , we want a national literature altogether shaggy and unshorn , that shall shake the earth , like a herd of buffaloes thundering over the prairies .
The first use of the word was for the limbs of fish , but has been extended to include other animal limbs and man-made devices .
It became Subtropical Storm Kyle the next day , and Tropical Storm Kyle on September 22 .
On October 11 , 2006 , DJ BoBo announced in a press conference that he had applied to represent Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 2.9 square miles , all of it land .
Evelyn , having by now made a true friend in Ninny , offers Ninny a room in her home for the rest of her days ; Ninny accepts .
On October 16 , 1990 , the UN General Assembly decided to grant the ICRC observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings , the first observer status given to a private organization .
Hampden Park hosted the 1960 European Cup final between Real Madrid and Eintracht Frankfurt , where over 130,000 people watched Real Madrid win 7-3 .
In 2002 , he was succeeded in democratic elections by Amadou Toumani Touré , a retired general , who had been the leader of the military aspect of the 1991 democratic uprising .
Burke and Wills also went through the area in 1861 on the journey north towards the Gulf of Carpentaria .
Despite this , the guest in room 1 goes to the guest in room 2 to get a cigar .
After the death of Filippo Maria Visconti of Milan in 1477 , Carrara was fought over by Tommaso Campofregoso , lord of Sarzana , and again the Malaspina family , who moved here the seat of their signoria in the second half of the 16th century .
After Franco 's death in 1975 , King Juan Carlos restored democratic government .
Current championship competition offered by the SWAC includes competition for men in baseball , basketball , cross country , football , golf , indoor track , outdoor track & field and tennis .
While training after the injury , Batista re-tore his triceps , extending his stay on the sidelines .
Today , Volksschule is the Austrian equivalent to the German word Grundschule and the Swiss German word Primarschule , i.e. primary school .
This site also shows some of the earliest evidence of carnivory in H. erectus .
After the bulk of the Egyptian population was pushed to convert to Islam , the word Copt came to be associated with Egyptians who retained their Christianity .
He wrote numerous orchestral , chamber , instrumental and vocal works .
Sergei Yevgenyevich Aleinikov is a former football player from Belarus , now coach .
He was released in the 1950s , and he later moved to Pakistan .
They then named their band Mighty Joe Young . The band recorded a demo tape that was completed around 1990 .
It is commonly regarded as the southernmost city in the world .
Grézillac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Its distribution is restricted to western South Africa , and it is associated with rocky habitats , as well as trees and outbuildings .
He is one of eight drivers to win three or more world championships , the others being Jack Brabham , Jackie Stewart , Niki Lauda , Ayrton Senna , Alain Prost , Juan Manuel Fangio , and Michael Schumacher .
The girls loved it , and Alice Liddell asked Dodgson to write it down for her .
The Johns Hopkins University , commonly referred to as Johns Hopkins , JHU , simply Hopkins , or occasionally JoHo , is a private research university located in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
A perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . An inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .
On 17 October 2006 , it was revealed that Robson had been given the all-clear and was set to see out his contract as consultant to the Irish team .
Recently , Volkswagen has attempted a revival of the Baja Bug with the Dune concept in 2000 .
She later used the setting in many of her novels .
Moore employed a - a shooting technique in which a player releases his gripping hand briefly and re-grasps the cue farther back on the butt just before hitting the cue ball .
Nationally , in the 1920s , Indiana was said to have the most powerful Ku Klux Klan .
David Patrick Boreanaz is an American actor , best known for his role as Angel on the supernatural drama series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel , and as Seeley Booth on the television comedy-crime drama Bones .
In 1509 Cranach went to the Netherlands , and painted the Emperor Maximilian and the boy who afterwards became Emperor Charles V. Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with his initials .
Islamabad is located in the Pothohar Plateau in the north of the country , within the Islamabad Capital Territory .
Oll , who was married , fell into severe depressions after he divorced .
Panama , officially the Republic of Panama , is the southernmost country of both Central America and , in turn , North America .
Loge is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,142.0 Mm in 1314.364 days , at an inclination of 166.5 to the ecliptic , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1390 .
Since 1906 , the Order 's chapel has been in St Paul 's Cathedral in London .
He is currently president of the International Society for Ecosystem Health .
All of these familiar heat engines are powered by the expansion of heated gases .
Of its 2,000 professional employees , roughly 800 work in its Geneva headquarters and 1,200 expatriates work in the field .
Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform led to the former boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf fusing into a single new borough .
Nevertheless , the contact with the Vienna Circle stimulated Wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy .
Soundtracks containing Charlotte Perrelli songs .
Commerzbank Tower is a skyscraper located in the city center of Frankfurt , Germany .
In case you did n't know , when you add content to talk pages and Wikipedia pages that have open discussion , you should sign your posts by typing four tildes at the end of your comment .
Situated in the north-east of the island of Ireland , it shares a border with the Republic of Ireland to the south and west .
In Natural Capitalism , 1999 , Paul Hawken , Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins advanced an argument to assign the value of Earth in current currency .
The character of Tino Väinämöinen , a personified form of Finland from , derives his last name from Väinämöinen .
The surviving passengers came across some Buddhist monks from a nearby temple and sought their help .
These gods became known as Osiris-Dionysus .
The site used the .
Hamas was created in 1987 by Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi and Mohammad Taha of the Palestinian wing of Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood at the beginning of the First Intifada , an uprising against Israeli rule in the Palestinian Territories .
In 1875 , at the age of 70 and after the death of his first wife in 1870 and his marriage to Susannah Grace Sanger in 1871 , Müller began a 17 year period of missionary travel .
Unlike a concubine , a mistress has no legal relationship to the man .
Armageddon was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Entertainment promotion , which took place on December 14 , 2008 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo , New York .
Nobuo Kawakami is a former Japanese football player .
Rachel Carson was born on May 27 , 1907 on a small family farm near Springdale , Pennsylvania , just up the Allegheny River from Pittsburgh .
Due to an incident involving a CD vendor who made an unofficial and broken release labeled 1.0 , an official 1.0 release was never made .
Chavignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Compulsive masturbation is regarded as one of the symptoms of sexual addiction by the proponents of that concept .
Bad Friedrichshall is a town in the district of Heilbronn in Baden-W ürttemberg in southern Germany . It is situated at the confluence of the Jagst and the Kocher into the Neckar , 10 km north of Heilbronn .
This deal established SIP/SIMPLE as a standard for protocol interoperability and established a connectivity fee for accessing public instant messaging clouds .
Examples of Pepper 's most famous albums from this period are Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section , Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics , Gettin ' Together , and Smack Up .
He graduated in 1856 as an outstanding student who enjoyed all subjects except chemistry .
Carefully summarizing or rephrasing a source without changing its meaning or implication does not violate this policy : this is good editing .
The original anthem was composed by Sakalowski and the lyrics were written by Maxim Klimkovich .
The 40 mm Grenade Launcher is a breech-loading , single shot grenade launcher .
Thanks to his oldest brother , Napoleon , Louis was a General by the age of 25 , although he himself felt that he had risen too high in too short a time .
Since the introduction of stone and brick , the entire city has been rebuilt and now contains numerous European-style structures , including the royal palaces , the houses formerly belonging to the prime minister and nobles , the French residency , the Anglican and Roman Catholic cathedrals , and several stone churches .
He also composed or published some of his best work during his period in Guernsey , including Les Misérables , and three widely praised collections of poetry .
One Chase Manhattan Plaza is a banking skyscraper located in the downtown Manhattan Financial District of New York City , between Pine , Liberty , Nassau , and William Streets .
Upon Louis 's return to France , he was involved in Napoleon 's plot to overthrow the Directory .
The link , also called a Gunter 's link , is a unit of length in the imperial system .
The word Gol in the local language means ` the valley ' .
Based on paragraph 6.06 in the UEFA regulations for the current season , if two or more teams were equal on points on completion of all the group matches , the following criteria were applied to determine the rankings :
Hafizabad is famous for its rice production .
Lenny tracked generally east over the Caribbean , and is the only storm recorded to have done so for an extended period of time and by November 15 , Lenny had intensified to hurricane strength and was just south of Jamaica . Later that day , the National Hurricane Center upgraded Lenny to a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane scale .
Aiden McGeady is a Scottish born Irish footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Celtic and the Republic of Ireland .
This event helped to raise money for sporting equipment , computers , books and excursions for students at the Nundle Public School .
The precursors of chess originated in India during the Gupta empire , where its early form in the 6th century was known as , which translates as `` four divisions '' : infantry , cavalry , elephantry , and chariotry , represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn , knight , bishop , and rook , respectively .
However , these distributions are less tested than stable , and unstable does not receive timely security updates .
Those rains caused a flood on the San Jeronimo River , which left at least 5000 homeless .
Apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential .
I runs through Fukushima Prefecture and Miyagi Prefecture , rising from springs in the peaks of the Nasu Mountains , collecting water from tributaries leaving the Ōu Mountains and the , then emptying into the Pacific Ocean as a major river .
This is a list of Oklahoma 's state symbols , including official and unofficial .
As a gesture of solidarity with the Palestinians , Barenboim has given performances in the West Bank .
Because of Brainin 's Jewish origin , he was driven out of Vienna after Hitler 's Anschluss of 1938 , as were the violinist Siegmund Nissel and violist Peter Schidlof .
Michael Sean Coulthard , better known by his stage name Michael Cole , is a play-by-play announcer for World Wrestling Entertainment .
Here , the energy of negative emotions or kleshas , called poisons , are transformed into the luminous energy of enlightened awareness or gnosis yielding rigpa .
Edward Kennedy `` Duke '' Ellington was an American composer , pianist , and big band leader .
Original images created by a Wikipedian are not considered original research , so long as they do not illustrate or introduce unpublished ideas or arguments , the core reason behind the NOR policy .
All testing was conducted inside a virtualized environment created by VMware .
Standing stones are usually difficult to date , but , pottery found underneath some in Atlantic Europe connects them with the Beaker people ; others in the region appear to be earlier or later however .
Pita or pitta also called and less commonly known as somun , pide , пита , питка is an often round , brown , wheat flatbread made with yeast .
It has a bronze-green back , a pale gray chest and belly , and green flanks .
All traffic coming from the Internet and with a destination of one of the web servers goes through the proxy server . There are several reasons for installing reverse proxy servers :
The Himalayan Brown Bear , also known as the Himalayan Red Bear , Isabelline Bear or Dzu-Teh , is a subspecies of the Brown Bear .
Although the adjudicator 's decision does n't have the same legal weight , an adjudicator has still rendered a decision just like a judge .
A faggot is a kind of meatball . Faggots are a traditional dish in the UK , especially the Midlands of England .
Sir Richard Arkwright , was an Englishman who , although the patents were eventually overturned , is usually credited for inventing the spinning frame - later renamed the water frame following the transition to water power .
The modern name `` France '' derives from the name of the feudal domain of the Capetian Kings of France around Paris .
If a stem successfully produces mature flowers , leaf production slows or stops on any stem which flowers , the stem becomes woody , and essential oil production declines .
After Judgment Day , Cena and JBL 's feud ended .
Some WikiFairies create new articles or affect the substantive content of the articles they edit ; others enjoy beautifying articles by clearing up confusing footnotes or references , standardizing format , or by organizing images for balance . Their goals are harmony and visual pleasure for articles .
He finished the year with 99 runs scored , a .328 batting average , and 12 stolen bases .
Despite acclaim for the veracity of the series , Sorkin believed , `` our responsibility is to captivate you for however long we 've asked for your attention . ''
In 2006 , Fear Factor faced tough competition with TV ratings champion , the Fox talent series American Idol on Tuesday nights , and the ratings declined further .
A new building designed by architect Carl Ferdinand Langhans , known as the Königliches Opernhaus , was inaugurated the following autumn by a performance of Meyerbeer 's Ein Feldlager in Schlesien .
Saint - Étienne - de-Lisse is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Percy flies to New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus before the deadline . Olympus is now located at the top of the Empire State Building .
In a developing embryo , stem cells can differentiate into all of the specialized embryonic tissues .
The card has near identical uses to the EZ-Link card and may be used at merchants displaying the `` NETS FlashPay '' logo .
Flée is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Among the most famous mountain climbers in history , he was one of the first two individuals to reach the summit of Mount Everest , which he accomplished with Edmund Hillary on 29 May 1953 .
Souvigné - sur-M ême is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The previous controller was Helen Boaden , who is now the head of BBC News .
Leizu was a legendary Chinese empress and wife of the Yellow Emperor .
In British history , the Protectorate was the period 1653-1659 during which the Commonwealth of England was governed by a Lord Protector .
The following table juxtaposes the earlier and later forms of this Creed in the English translation given in Schaff 's work , Creeds of Christendom , which indicates by the portions of the 325 text that were omitted or moved in 381 , and uses italics to indicate what phrases , absent in the 325 text , were added in 381 .
In some Middle Eastern countries , coffee and cardamom are often ground in a wooden mortar ; a mihbaj , and cooked together in a skillet ; a `` mehmas '' over wood or gas , to produce mixtures that are as much as forty percent cardamom .
It has now been established , however , that - e was an important part of Chaucer 's morphology . The pronunciation of Chaucer 's writing otherwise differs most prominently from Modern English in that his language had not undergone the Great Vowel Shift : pronouncing Chaucer 's vowels as they would be pronounced today in European languages like Italian , Spanish or German generally produces pronunciations more like Chaucer 's own than Modern English pronunciation would .
For example , organisms living inside hot rocks deep under Earth 's surface are both thermophilic and barophilic .
This report represents the first description of the production of potassium permanganate .
It has been held in two U.S. states and once in Puerto Rico , where every event has been held in an indoor arena .
On July 3 , 2009 , Sarah Palin announced that she would be stepping down as governor on July 26 , 2009 , and would be replaced by Parnell in accordance with the Alaska Constitution .
In 1860 he published Chess Praxis , a supplement to his 1847 work The Chess Player 's Handbook .
Carrefour means `` crossroads '' in French .
Tessenderlo 43 .
This was followed by the hugely successful Three Tenors concert , held on the eve of the World Cup final at the ancient Baths of Caracalla in Rome with fellow tenors Plácido Domingo and José Carreras and conductor Zubin Mehta , which became the biggest selling classical record of all time .
The FSF is incorporated in Massachusetts , USA .
Nevertheless , according to Aristotle some thought that Aeschylus had revealed some of the cult 's secrets on stage .
Triple H insisted that Evolution accompanied Batista anyway , saving him from the oncoming limousine .
As a genre , it is generally believed to have been invented by the English author Horace Walpole , with his 1764 novel The Castle of Otranto .
In 1875 Cafiero went to Milan and joined the editorial staff of the first socialist daily paper , La Plebe , directed by Enrico Bignami .
Duff was born in Houston , Harris County , Texas .
The Cornish people in particular were actively encouraged to emigrate to Australia following the demise of Cornish mining in the 19th century .
Sainte-C écile - les-Vignes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Mindanao is the second largest and easternmost island in the Philippines .
Diabetes mellitus - often simply referred to as diabetes - is a condition in which a person has a high blood sugar level as a result of the body either not producing enough insulin , or because body cells do not properly respond to the insulin that is produced .
The following night , on the January 26 edition of Raw , Michaels and Triple H were involved in an in-ring confrontation when Raw 's authority figure , Steve Austin , made his way to the ring .
She is the first-born daughter of Bebe Buell , a model , singer , and former Playboy Playmate , and Steven Tyler , the lead singer of Aerosmith .
Ipswich railway station is a railway station serving the town of Ipswich in Suffolk , England .
As of October 2009 , the largest photovoltaic power plants in the world are the Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park , the Strasskirchen Solar Park , the Lieberose Photovoltaic Park , the Puertollano Photovoltaic Park , the Moura photovoltaic power station , and the Waldpolenz Solar Park .
Santana do Paraíso is a Brazilian municipality situated in the state of Minas Gerais which was founded in 1992 . It forms part of the Vale do Aço metropolitan area .
Anne was sent with her older sister Elizabeth to be raised at Güstrow , in Germany , by her maternal grandparents , the Duke and Duchess of Mecklenburg .
The government approved construction of the Tsuen Wan Line in 1977 , then known as the Tsuen Wan Extension , and works commenced in November 1978 .
As a tropical cyclone , Cristobal had minimal effect to any land masses .
The group recorded `` La Tracalera '' , a cover version of a song by the original Dinos , and `` Aunque No Salga el Sol '' in 1984 .
No Mercy was an annual professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
A slave may lead a Friday prayer , but Muslim authorities disagree over whether the job can be done by a minor .
This Template relates to List of companies in Sheffield and defunct companies formerly based in Sheffield .
Another name for this color is mallow .
Brawn GP Formula One Team , the trading name of Brawn GP Limited , was a Formula One motor racing team and constructor , born as essentially a management buy-out of Honda Racing F1 Team .
Her commercial for a new touchscreen haptic phone from Samsung Electronics , dubbed as Yuna 's Haptic , debuted in South Korea on May 24 , 2009 .
One popular theory postulates that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time , causing objects in the asteroid belt and/or Kuiper belt to be put onto eccentric orbits that reached the terrestrial planets .
The symphony evolved from the overture , and `` D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century . ''
Osip was arrested in 1934 for his Stalin Epigram and exiled with Nadezhda to Cherdyn , in the Perm region and later to Voronezh .
The event must have a demonstrated , international significance .
Madison won over Jefferson , who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that : `` From this position I retreat readily , not only in deference to judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations , so these , when they occur , will be cause enough of themselves . ''
Comparisons between denominational churches must be approached with caution .
Alt St. Johann is a village in the new municipality of Wildhaus-Alt St. Johann in the Wahlkreis of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Accidents of particularly common types are investigated to identify how to avoid them in the future .
As a result , Triple H won the WWE Championship .
Each convex regular 4-polytope is bounded by a set of 3-dimensional cells which are all Platonic solids of the same type and size .
The city is well-known for its cathedral , cobbled streets , open spaces and Georgian architecture , and places of interest include the Royal Cornwall Museum , the Hall for Cornwall , Cornwall 's Courts of Justice and Cornwall Council .
In philately , a block is a group of postage stamps still attached to each other .
One Sunday afternoon , he worked his way into a group of Lithuanian immigrants getting together for a wedding party - `` Behold , there was the opening scene of my story , a gift from the gods '' .
Stoiber is a keen football fan and he serves as Co-Chairman on the Advisory Board of FC Bayern Munich .
Since evaporation occurs when heat is absorbed , and condensation occurs when heat is released , air conditioners use a compressor to cause pressure changes between two compartments , and actively condense and pump a refrigerant around .
The others were HMS Danae , HMS Dido , HMS Hermione and HMS Jupiter .
Brock will not reveal his source and goes to jail for failing to do so , as did Miller .
It measures 5.10 km in diameter .
Fresnay-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Streicher also remained on good terms with Hitler .
Chandpur has 6 municipalities , 60 wards , 195 mahallas , 7 upazilas , 1 thana , 87 union parishads and 1226 villages .
She next posed for Bert Stern for Vogue in a series of photographs that included several nudes .
Neuheim is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland .
Vera Menchik was a British-Czech chess player who gained renown as the world 's first women 's chess champion .
In 1855 , he became the mayor of St. Paul , Minnesota .
The Croatia national football team represents the Republic of Croatia in international football .
After she leaves , Dorabella confesses to Fiordiligi that she is tempted , and the two agree that a mere flirtation will do no harm and will help them pass the time while they wait for their lovers to return .
On July 1 , 2009 , Hossa signed a 12-year deal with the Chicago Blackhawks worth $ 62.8 million .
The main figures of scholasticism were Peter Abelard , Albertus Magnus , Duns Scotus , William of Ockham , Bonaventure and , above all , Thomas Aquinas , whose Summa Theologica is an ambitious synthesis of Greek philosophy and Christian doctrine .
Cultivated Australian English has some similarities to British Received Pronunciation , and is often mistaken for it .
She had already reportedly undergone a radical hysterectomy due to cancers of the uterus and ovaries .
However , the modern science of genetics , which seeks to understand the process of inheritance , only began with the work of Gregor Mendel in the mid-nineteenth century .
In some religions , excommunication includes spiritual condemnation of the member or group .
Recorded announcements are frequently made to remind passengers to report suspicious activity and not to leave their belongings unattended .
Here , the denotes the Kleene star operator .
Lucario also has a furry yellow torso , and its thighs are in the shape of what looks like blue shorts .
Lynnville is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
The film was followed by four sequels : Magnum Force in 1973 , The Enforcer in 1976 , Sudden Impact in 1983 , and The Dead Pool in 1988 .
This similarity , coupled with Beggars Banquets later release , garnered the Rolling Stones accusations of imitating the Beatles . In 1984 , the original cover art was released with the initial CD remastering of Beggars Banquet .
UEFA ajudged traveling Partizan fans to have been the culprits of the trouble. , but Partizan were allowed to play the return leg while the appeal was being processed .
The lake contains 3 islands : Isla Barbarita , Islita , and Isla Cabritos .
As a specific example , every electron is intrinsically identical to every other ; therefore , probability amplitudes must be computed allowing for the possibility that they exchange positions , something known as exchange symmetry .
The name Queanbeyan is the anglicised form of ` Quinbean ' - an Aboriginal word meaning `` clear waters '' .
A triangle that has two angles with the same measure also has two sides with the same length , and therefore it is an isosceles triangle . It follows that in a triangle where all angles have the same measure , all three sides have the same length , and therefore such triangle is equilateral .
The City of Lancaster , is a local government district of Lancashire , England , with the status of a city and non-metropolitan district .
The first ones were a gale warning and a hurricane watch for the area between Corpus Christi , Texas and Grand Isle , Louisiana issued on August 16 .
Although Freud 's theories on early childhood have been influential on the psychological community , research suggests that the overall pattern of parental attitudes has a much more concrete effect on how an infant will grow up .
The government of Andalucía , in Spain , donated 40 million lempiras to aid in disaster efforts , and the United States employed helicopters from a nearby military base to assist Honduran ones in the distribution of food aid .
It was formed from part of the province of Florence in 1992 .
Bothwell is a small town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland . It lies on the north bank of the River Clyde , adjacent to Hamilton , nine miles east-south-east of Glasgow city center .
Bishop is the main protagonist that the player controls and guides throughout the events of Rainbow Six : Vegas 2 .
Villablino is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
The New York Jets are a professional American football team based in the New York metropolitan area .
Pikachu is one of the main Pokémon used in most of the Pokémon manga series .
Wilhelm Reich was an Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , known as one of the most radical figures in the history of psychiatry .
However , there is no consensus about which format is best .
A later satellite pass disregarded the possibility of intensification as the intensity was confirmed to be at 60 mph .
Written in 1825 by Tsuruya Nanboku IV as a kabuki play , the original title was Tōkaidō Yotsuya Kaidan . It is now generally shortened , and loosely translates as Ghost Story of Yotsuya .
Ambergate is a village in Derbyshire , England , where the River Amber joins the River Derwent .
Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas was succeeded by and was preceded by .
The Poughkeepsie Bridge is a steel cantilever bridge spanning the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie , New York on the east bank and Highland , New York on the west bank .
The Union commanders then ordered another charge with a cavalry regiment that reinforced the Union infantry .
Those who did read Austen saw themselves as discriminating readers - they were a cultured few .
West Buechel is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
On August 12 , a hurricane prevented a naval battle between the British and French in the Revolutionary War , causing them to separate as the hurricane moved up the coast .
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt is a German Social Democratic politician who served as Chancellor of West Germany from 1974 to 1982 .
He concluded his LPO tenure in 1996 .
This category is for tracking ice hockey players by league .
His recitals and broadcasts were known for their use of historical performance styles , which was uncommon at the time .
A tropical wave that moved off the African coast formed into a tropical depression 300 n mi southeast of Cape Verde on August 19 .
2019 will be a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar .
Jonas Eduardo Américo , best known as Edú is a former Brazilian footballer .
Lead singer Jason Dunn is singing as he runs , while the others wait patiently for him to reach the group .
Gimnasia also obtained second place in 2005 under Pedro Troglio 's management , after an excellent campaign that had them fighting neck to neck with Boca Juniors until the very end of the championship .
Newton 's method can often converge remarkably quickly , especially if the iteration begins `` sufficiently near '' the desired root .
The cleaning system was developed in Australia at a cost of A$ 8 million .
Such modifications can be created and submitted to the Foundation for addition to MediaWiki .
However , powdered saffron is more prone to adulteration , with turmeric , paprika , and other powders used as diluting fillers .
Gaedel was under strict orders not to attempt to move the bat off his shoulder .
Antoing is a Walloon commune of Belgium located in the province of Hainaut .
Ulyanovsk , formerly Simbirsk , is a city on the Volga River in Russia , 893 km east from Moscow .
Such events may be better placed on a .
In Eastern Christian traditions , as well as some Western traditions , it is seen as a state of opposition to the love of God , a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the Mediator and `` Great Physician '' .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Saint-L éger is a commune in the Mayenne department and Pays de la Loire region of France .
Percy , Annabeth , and Tyson are captured by Luke .
However , the pressure from Meißner , Papen and the younger Hindenburg was relentless and by the end of January , the President had decided to appoint Hitler Chancellor .
Nests are built each year in most species but some birds refurbish their old nests .
Most spiders have four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the cephalothorax , arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another .
Hovannisian is the father of Raffi Hovannisian , former Foreign Minister of Armenia .
The existing rules of banking are not applied , the loans are completely interest-free , the repayment period can be arbitrarily long , for example , a beggar taking a small loan of around 100 taka can pay only 2.00 taka per week and furthermore the borrower is covered under life insurance free of cost .
Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River .
The original Series 12 is very rarely broadcast .
After parting from her management , Aguilera took creative control over her second studio album , Stripped , which - although it received mixed reviews - was popular with the public , and thus produced substantial sales .
The Philippine Sea Plate forms the floor of this sea and it subducts under the Philippine Mobile Belt which carries most of the Philippine archipelago and eastern Taiwan . Between the two plates is the Philippine Trench .
Karak is the capital city of Karak District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Gorj is a county of Romania , in Oltenia , with its capital city at Târgu Jiu .
When Gabrielle first meets the Warrior Princess , Xena , she is a farm girl living in the village of Potidaea .
There are cafeterias as at most universities and the largest refectory can compete with some restaurants even as far as menu size .
Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the pathways rebuilt and re-illuminated by artificial lighting .
Christopher Todd Mordetzky is an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name `` The Masterpiece '' Chris Masters .
Pangolins have large keratin scales covering their skin and are the only mammals with this adaptation .
Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice Islam in its pristine form ; however , Ahmadiyya views on certain beliefs in Islam have been controversial to mainstream Muslims since the movement 's birth .
Ixion is a plutino and a potential dwarf planet ; its Spitzer estimated diameter of 650 km makes it about the fifth largest plutino .
One can also calculate the internal energy of electromagnetic or black body radiation .
He was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra from 1979 to 1987 .
Many trucks and buses in Pakistan are highly customised and decorated by their owners .
Le Dernier jour d'un condamné would have a profound influence on later writers such as Albert Camus , Charles Dickens , and Fyodor Dostoevsky .
On the hand with which he carries his stick , often called the `` stick hand , '' the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm , usually extending just beyond the wrist .
Frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on November 21 .
During the team 's days in the American Football League , the Boston Patriots were hosted by a number of fields in or around Boston .
Lake Park is a town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Barzun is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Making reliable cost estimates is difficult , and estimates for new reactors in the USA range from $ 5 billion to $ 10 billion per unit .
During that time , the hurricane began to gain strength at about 1 mbar an hour , peaking at 963 mbar with winds of 115 m on the morning of the 18th .
Shadwell DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway is between the termini of Bank and Tower Gateway to the west and Limehouse to the east .
The 1956 Formula One season featured the seventh FIA World Championship of Drivers as well as numerous non-championship races for Formula One cars . The championship series commenced on January 22 , 1956 and ended on September 2 after eight races .
Offences against property and for murder ranged from cutting of a foot and hand for theft and beheading for murder .
Kamenná is a village in the Jihlava District , Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
It is thought that they began to print impressions of their designs to record them .
On November 5 , 2008 , he was named to the advisory board of the Obama-Biden Transition Project .
Mentha is a genus of about 25 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
In general , Western culture expects intimate body parts to be covered in public at all times .
The Countess laments her husband 's infidelity . .
Their grounds are within a few yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in the world .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Camilla 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates = with a 10 uncertainty , which gives it an axial tilt of 29 .
Tea may be either in a tea bag or loose , in which case a tea strainer will be needed , either to hold the leaves as they steep or to catch the leaves inside the teapot when the tea is poured .
The Hockenheimring Baden-W ürttemberg is an automobile racing track situated near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-W ürttemberg , Germany , located on Bertha Benz Memorial Route .
In an adaptive chosen-ciphertext attack , the attacker makes their ciphertext choices adaptively , that is , depending on the result of prior decryptions .
The stories were first published in magazines in 1893-4 .
The Vancouver Canucks are a professional ice hockey team based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League .
She was estranged from her father from this time until his death from liver cancer on October 9 , 2001 .
The tapir was chosen because of its appearance , which is frequently described as being prehistoric , as there is no record of tapirs ever existing in Africa .
A jet aircraft is an aircraft propelled by jet engines .
The eyes are compound and may display remarkable adaptability , as in the case of whirligig beetles , in which the eyes are split to allow a view both above and below the waterline . Other species also have divided eyes - some longhorn beetles and weevils - while many beetles have eyes that are notched to some degree .
They will still exhibit no electrical properties .
It was discovered on April 20 , 1904 , by Max Wolf in Heidelberg , and initially catalogued as 1904 NY .
The Salzach is a river in Austria and Germany .
The island belongs to the municipality of the district of Wittmund , in Lower Saxony in Germany .
The Whittier Glacier near Whittier was named for the American poet John Greenleaf Whittier in 1915 .
A majority of the state 's residents are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , commonly referred to as the Mormons or the LDS Church .
However , they regard Ali 's acceptance of arbitration at the Battle of Siffin against Muawiya 's rebels as un-Islamic and as rendering him unfit for the Imamate , and they condemn Ali for killing the Muslims of an-Nahr in the Battle of Nahrawan .
For example , the oases of Awjila , Ghadames and Kufra , situated in modern-day Libya , have at various times been vital to both North-South and East-West trade in the Sahara .
The Embassy won the tournament , which meant that all three of its winning members earned world title shots .
Most entertain themselves using `` Perky Pat '' dolls and accessories manufactured by Earth-based `` P.P. Layouts '' .
The infrared spectrum is similar to P-type asteroids but with a possible indication of water .
An album of remixes of tracks from Silent Alarm had also been released at the end of August 2005 in the UK .
The Taluka of Hyderabad city is administratively subdivided into 11 Union Councils .
We are not the majority , but the whole party . '' According to his suggestion , the Bolshevik party was renamed the Communist Party of Soviet Union .
One does not talk to the telephone ; rather the telephone is a way to interact with another person .
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency serves as the head of the Central Intelligence Agency , which is part of the United States Intelligence Community .
Conakry was originally settled on tiny Tombo Island and later spread to the neighboring Kaloum Peninsula , a 36 k long stretch of land 0.2 t wide .
The use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were being gradually introduced ; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made it largely obsolete and most suppliers exited the business .
Starting on 31 March 1731 , The Author 's Farce was paired with the Tom Thumb remake , The Tragedy of Tragedies , for six performances as a replacement for The Letter Writers , the original companion piece . Although both Tragedy of Tragedies and The Author 's Farce were main shows , they were alternated on the billing until the 18 June 1731 performance , which was the final showing of any Fielding play in the Little Theatre except for a 12 May 1732 benefit show of The Author 's Farce .
He illustrated many books penned by Theodor Seuss Geisel under the pen name Theo .
At the 2000 census , the population was 7,228 .
Its nickname is due to the fact that when first detected in the months before the 1989 Voyager 2 encounter it moved faster than the Great Dark Spot .
Freiberg is a city in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , administrative center of the Mittelsachsen district .
Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric trams , where the power supply is carried in a channel under the roadway , rather than located overhead .
Henry won the match via pinfall .
After being stripped of the title , Lashley began to pursue the WWE Championship .
Before the Sailor Moon manga appeared Takeuchi had written , which centered around just one Sailor Senshi .
This meant that after their separation Simone did not have any knowledge about how her business was managed and what she was actually worth .
When referring specifically to the lower Manhattan business district and its immediate environs , the northern border is commonly designated by thoroughfares approximately a mile-and-a-half south of 14th Street and a mile north of the island 's southern tip : Chambers Street from near the Hudson east to the Brooklyn Bridge entrances and overpass .
For example , many species of lemur are endemic to the island of Madagascar .
The Master of Divinity has replaced the Bachelor of Divinity in most American seminaries as the first professional degree , since the latter title implies in the American academic system that it is on a par with a Bachelor of Arts or other basic undergraduate education .
Most of its damage was from its first landfall .
Anna 's Hummingbird is 9 t long .
The societies of the West Slavs developed along the lines of other Western European nations by coming into political affiliation with the Roman Empire . The West Slavs experienced a cultural split with the other two main Slavic groups : while the East Slavs and most South Slavs converted to Orthodox Christianity , thus being culturally influenced by the Byzantine Empire , the West Slavs along with the westernmost South Slavs converted to Roman Catholicism , thus coming under the cultural influence of the Latin Church .
There are many theories about the evolution of the atelines ; one theory is that spider monkeys are most closely related to the woolly spider monkeys , and most likely split from the woolly monkeys in the South American lowland forest , to evolve their unique locomotory system . This theory is not supported by fossil evidence , but there are fossils showing spider monkeys living in Cuba in recent times .
Juan maintained its strength as it accelerated northward , and on September 29 it struck Halifax , Nova Scotia with winds of 100 mph .
Carolingian minuscule was the direct ancestor of black letter .
Meurival is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Jeter was born at Chilton Memorial Hospital in Pequannock Township , New Jersey , in 1974 . His father , Dr. Sanderson Charles Jeter , a substance abuse counselor , is African American ; his mother , Dorothy , is Caucasian and of Irish/German descent .
After the last services ran on the night of 2 February 1930 the tunnel was closed until the formal re-opening on 14 January 1931 using E/3 type tram no. 1931 on new route 31 , with public services starting the following day .
`` Queso '' is a 30 second song that is about a quesadilla .
Kavala , is the second largest city in northern Greece , the principal seaport of eastern Macedonia and the capital of Kavala prefecture .
Râşca is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
The city had been a coal-mining and rail center and contains factories producing coal-tar derivatives , chemicals , textiles , and machinery .
The video cuts to Knowles wearing a polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka dot wall , wearing a pink wig and pink lipstick .
Arbore is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Honda has also created joint ventures around the world , such as Honda Siel Cars and Hero Honda Motorcycles in India , Guangzhou Honda and Dongfeng Honda in China , and Honda Atlas in Pakistan .
A release window refers to a timely trend or personality , and missing that window of opportunity means a film , possibly rushed into production , failed to release before the trend faded .
Saint-Alban-Auriolles is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
It is usually located at the bottom of the hull .
Toyota is headquartered in Toyota City , Aichi and in Tokyo .
The Southern Railway , was a British railway company established in the 1923 Grouping .
He clipped his namesake corner the second time , and when asked why by Jeremy Clarkson , replied , `` I dunno - I just do n't like it '' .
Sign languages commonly develop in deaf communities , which can include interpreters , friends and families of deaf people as well as people who are deaf or hard of hearing themselves .
He trained at Army Recruit Training Centre , Kapooka , NSW , winning prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon .
The Johnstown Flood occurred on May 31 , 1889 .
On being asked by the judge what answer they could make to the charges laid against them , Potts reports that they `` humbly fell upon their knees with weeping teares '' , and `` desired him for Gods cause to examine Grace Sowerbutts '' .
They had seven children : Eliza Arabella Garfield ; Harry Augustus Garfield ; James Rudolph Garfield ; Mary Garfield ; Irvin M. Garfield ; Abram Garfield ; and Edward Garfield .
Patrick explained that he related to the story because he was `` constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid '' himself , and that the film 's setting reminded him of where he grew up .
Herstappe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Claudine Monteil is a French writer and women 's rights specialist .
Swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the Swiss Emmental .
GIMPs original creators , Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis , began developing GIMP in 1995 as a semester-long project at the University of California , Berkeley . The first public release of GIMP was made in January 1996 .
In recent years , many comets have been discovered by instruments operated by large teams of astronomers , and in this case , comets may be named for the instrument .
Partridges famously feature the Christmas carol `` The 12 Days of Christmas '' , where it is used in the line , `` A partridge in a pear tree . ''
The untitled fourth album by English rock band Led Zeppelin was released on 8 November 1971 . No official title is printed on the album , but it is generally referred to as Led Zeppelin IV , following the naming standard used by the band 's first three studio albums .
It than runs down to Bahawalnagar and Chishtian araes , on the banks of river Sutlej .
When only 17 years of age , Hume began exploring the country beyond Sydney with his younger brother John and an Aboriginal boy as far to the south-west as Berrima , and soon developed into a good bushman .
Ablon is a commune in the Calvados department , in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
At the age of six she saw her father drown .
Like energy , it is a scalar quantity , with SI units of joules .
In cryptography , a block cipher is a symmetric key cipher operating on fixed-length groups of bits , called blocks , with an unvarying transformation .
In this design , the software simply has a loop .
Any editor may volunteer to assist with DYK simply by contributing to the department operations .
In Hinduism , the constellation Aquila is identified with the half eagle , half human deity , Garuda .
Whedon and Tim Minear closeted themselves for the weekend to write what became the new pilot , `` The Train Job '' .
Stoker was the third of seven children .
Denis DeJordy was a goaltender with the Chicago Black Hawks , Los Angeles Kings , Montreal Canadiens and Detroit Red Wings over 12 seasons in the National Hockey League .
On 6 April 1730 , it was billed along side of The Cheats of Scapin , and later the last act was made into the companion piece to Hurlothrumbo for one show .
The Möbius strip or Möbius band is a surface with only one side and only one boundary component .
After giving a Daily Telegraph interview in 1936 in which he said that an orchestral musician did not deserve a `` job for life '' and should `` give of his lifeblood with every bar he plays , '' Sargent lost much favor with musicians .
A sliotar or sliothar is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball , consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together .
Notable storms of 1970 include Hurricane Celia , which killed 20 and caused $ 453.8 million in damages as it passed over Cuba and into Corpus Christi , Texas ; and Tropical Storm Dorothy , which killed 51 , most in Martinique .
Nyssa 's fate after she leaves the TARDIS is not known , although the spin-off novel Asylum , by Peter Darvill-Evans , reveals that she eventually leaves Terminus and settles down as an academic in a university on an unspecified planet .
Prior to use , the matcha is often forced through a sieve in order to break up clumps .
Other features of Cotonou include Cotonou Friendship Stadium , Cotonou Cathedral , Cotonou Central Mosque , the Ancien Pont Bridge and the 20-hectare Dantokpa Market , which has a commercial turnover of over a billion CFA Francs a day .
Batista married his second wife Angie on October 13 , 1998 , yet they divorced in 2006 .
It is also to be noted that the comet Hale-Bopp showed highest ever linear polarization detected for any comet .
Marcelo Danubio Zalayeta is an Uruguayan football striker who currently plays for Serie A club Bologna and the Uruguayan national team .
Gardenia is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , native to the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa , southern Asia , Australasia and Oceania .
In 2004 , Park received a transfer to the ROK Army 's 5th Special Forces Brigade .
Among the multiple thick forms of hot chocolate served in Europe is the Italian cioccolata densa .
Wikipedia is not Wikinews and has no need to scoop anyone .
The city is also the administrative center of Jacobabad Taluka , an administrative subdivision of the district , the city is subdivided into 8 Union Councils .
Karen and Michelle began serious training when Michelle was about eight years old .
Libreville was named in imitation of Freetown and grew only slowly as a trading post and a minor administrative center to a population of 31,000 on independence in 1960 .
Jatoi is a tehsil , an administrative subdivision , of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , it is administratively subdivided into 16 Union Councils .
Unterhaching is the second largest municipality in the district of Munich in Bavaria , Germany .
Ultimately , more than 200 players wore number 42 , including the entire rosters of the Los Angeles Dodgers , New York Mets , Houston Astros , Philadelphia Phillies , St. Louis Cardinals , Milwaukee Brewers , and Pittsburgh Pirates .
The reverse process , producing electrical energy from mechanical energy , is accomplished by a generator or dynamo .
Every Thursday evening there is an informal communion service followed by pizza in the Chaplain 's flat at which all are welcome .
The best theory available is Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity , which has passed all experimental tests hitherto .
One of the key decisions Robson made during his brief tenure at Barcelona was the $ 19.5 million signing of Ronaldo , who was influential in a season when Barcelona won the Spanish Cup , Spanish Super Cup and European Cup Winners ' Cup .
It has a central park and many historic buildings , including old houses near the railway station on Sloane Street and two 19th-century cathedrals .
The harem was home to the sultan 's mother , the Valide Sultan ; the concubines and wives of the sultan ; and the rest of his family , including children ; and their servants .
Health services are provided by the West Kent Primary Care Trust , and Tunbridge Wells ' two hospitals , the Kent and Sussex Hospital and Pembury Hospital , are run by the Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust . Tunbridge Wells is policed by Kent Police , and in May 2000 the main police station for the area moved from Tunbridge Wells to a new building in Tonbridge and operations at the Tunbridge Wells station , in Crescent Road , were scaled back so that it now operates as an administrative center .
Cuttlefish is especially popular in Italy , where it is used in Risotto al Nero di Seppia . The Croatian Crni Rižot is virtually the same recipe , which probably originated in Venice and then spread across both coasts of the Adriatic .
The `` partition type '' code for a primary partition can either correspond to a file system contained within or indicate the partition has a special use .
Compared to other portable storage devices , for example external hard drives , USB flash drives have a high price per unit of storage and are only available in comparatively small capacities ; but hard drives have a higher minimum price , so in the smaller capacities , USB flash drives are much less expensive than the smallest available hard drives .
Mülligen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Pupils were also made to read and evaluate national & international news .
Known for his strength on the ball , his tactical awareness and spectacular strikes and volleys , van Basten was named European Footballer of the Year three times and FIFA World Player of the Year in 1992 .
The Cotswolds is a range of hills in west-central England , sometimes called the `` Heart of England '' , an area 25 m across and 90 m long . The area has been designated as the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
The general view in Asian cultures is that the more robots advance , the better , which is the opposite of the Western belief .
She fixes the bones on a frame with cement and then makes drawings and has them engraved ... It is certainly a wonderful instance of divine favor - that this poor , ignorant girl should be so blessed , for by reading and application she has arrived to that degree of knowledge as to be in the habit of writing and talking with professors and other clever men on the subject , and they all acknowledge that she understands more of the science than anyone else in this kingdom .
Giacomo Losi is a former Italian football defender , who played his entire professional career , from 1955 to 1969 for AS Roma .
It has transmitted coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
The Eocene spans the time from the end of the Paleocene epoch to the beginning of the Oligocene epoch .
EA 's relationship with ESPN also enables tie-ins with different ESPN shows .
Yellows is a `` New York-style diner '' located in the Norwich & Peterborough Stand .
Other more complicated endings are classified according to the pieces on board other than kings , e.g. `` rook and pawn versus rook endgame '' .
He was the third-oldest son of his father Yesükhei , a minor tribal chief of the Kiyad and an ally of Ong Khan of the Kerait tribe , and the oldest son of his mother Hoelun .
Thal is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated in the center of the canton .
In time gloves replaced bare hands .
All EU countries have already implemented 112 and the number can be dialled free of charge from any telephone or any mobile phone . The GSM mobile phone standard designates 112 as an emergency number , so it will work on GSM phones even in North America where GSM system redirects emergency calls to 911 or Australia where emergency calls are redirected to 000 .
When she was 15 , her family moved to Rosarito city , Mexico and then to San Diego where she attended Bonita Vista High School and Chula Vista School of the Creative and Performing Arts .
The British Rail Class 101 diesel multiple units were built by Metro-Cammell at Washwood Heath in Birmingham from 1956 to 1959 , following construction of a series of prototype units .
The name was originally used in reference to pesos oro or pesos plata .
It was the view of the Etruscan haruspices that a temple of Vulcan should be located outside the city , and the Volcanal may originally have been on or outside the city limits before they expanded to include the Capitoline Hill .
The downbeat melodrama was poorly reviewed , although Monroe commented that it contained some of her strongest dramatic acting .
Reagan joined the campaign of conservative presidential contender Barry Goldwater in 1964 .
From Scarborough Monday to Saturdays there is generally an hourly First TransPennine Express service to York , Leeds , Manchester Piccadilly and Liverpool Lime Street and a two-hourly Northern Rail service to Bridlington , Hull and Sheffield via the Yorkshire Coast Line .
Knocked Up is a 2007 American comedy film , co-produced , written and directed by Judd Apatow . Starring Seth Rogen , Katherine Heigl , Paul Rudd , and Leslie Mann , the film follows the repercussions of a drunken one-night stand between Rogen 's slacker character and Heigl 's just-promoted media personality that results in an unintended pregnancy .
Courteney Bass Cox , also known as Courteney Cox Arquette , is an American actress , best known for her role as Monica Geller on the sitcom , Friends .
He holds a B.A. from the University of California , Riverside and a Ph. . D. from Harvard University .
Certain squid and small crustaceans use bioluminescent chemical mixtures or bioluminescent bacterial slurries in the same way as many squid use ink .
Hardware RAID controllers are expensive and proprietary .
Harvey Milk was an American politician who became the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California , when he won a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors .
What the Spaniards then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
Beerse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
This episode , along with three other episodes of the show , is featured on the The Simpsons Gone Wild DVD released in 2004 .
2046 will be a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
Since the heat pump uses a certain amount of work to move the heat , the amount of energy deposited on the cold side is less than that taken from the hot side .
Hideki Maeda is a former Japanese football player .
The storm tracked northward ahead of the same frontal system that absorbed Tropical Storm Odette , and the combination of strong upper-level winds and cooler water temperatures quickly weakened the storm .
Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs , and fairly broad verandas all round .
A quarry now operates at the side of the hill and supplies most of Melbourne 's scoria .
Robert Paul Green is an English professional footballer who currently plays his club football for West Ham United in the English Premier League and internationally for England as a goalkeeper .
Heurelho da Silva Gomes , born 15 February 1981 in João Pinheiro , Minas Gerais , commonly known as Heurelho Gomes or just Gomes , is a Brazilian goalkeeper , who currently plays for .
In the summer of 2003 , McMahon acquired Extreme Championship Wrestling in bankruptcy court , leaving McMahon and the World Wrestling Federation as the only major wrestling promotion left in North America .
In 1902 , Columbia 's new president Nicholas Murray Butler was more receptive to the plan for a school and prizes , but it would not be until after Pulitzer 's death that this dream would be fulfilled .
The incumbent , in politics , is the existing holder of a political office .
According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates , the city had a population of 321 .
The Vulgate version of the Christian Bible used the word `` lucifer '' twice to refer to the Morning Star : once in to translate the Greek word Φωσφόρος , and once in to translate the Hebrew word הילל .
A few months after Mahler 's death in 1911 , Walter led the first performance of Das Lied von der Erde in Munich , as well as Mahler 's Symphony No. 9 in Vienna the next year .
The original flag was adopted on April 4 , 1959 , when Mali joined the Mali Federation .
Red Bull Racing is one of two Formula One teams owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull .
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta , Georgia for high school , Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech , where he graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering .
So far the only close-up images of Umbriel have been from the Voyager 2 probe , which photographed the moon during its flyby of Uranus in January 1986 .
Angelo Schiavio was an Italian football player .
Dacians , considered a part of these Getae , were a branch of Thracians that inhabited Dacia .
His first recording made with the Gibson ex Huberman was Romance of the Violin in 2003 .
Mardan Division was an administrative division of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
Cabara is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
His book was finally published in 1934 as Tender Is the Night .
Except for the lines U5 and U6 , all lines operate completely below ground .
Calum Raymond Paul Davenport is an English football player who plays for West Ham United as a center back .
Warsaw is a city in Indiana and the county seat of , Kosciusko County , Indiana , United States .
Maine is generally safe from hurricanes and tropical storms .
He was the son of Nicolas Desmarest .
The Xinhua press agency was started in November 1931 as the Red China News Agency and changed to its current name in 1937 .
All information in this encyclopedia must be verifiable in a reliable , published source .
The initial founders of the party were among others : Alexander Andrae , Oskar Lutz , Hans Bernd von Grünberg , Wilhelm Meinberg , Otto Heß , Hans Schikora , Heinrich Kunstmann , Adolf von Thadden .
Civil Police had been gradually developing for all country during the governments Imperial and Republican .
The first collection of work by Scottish poet Robert Burns , Poems , chiefly in the Scottish dialect was published here in 1786 .
The captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the Snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the Snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the Snorks .
The now ghost town of Colfax , Colorado , was named after him .
Prunet is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
Small communities exist in Europe as well , especially in France , Portugal and Hungary .
The Sei Whale , Balaenoptera borealis , is a baleen whale , the third-largest rorqual after the Blue Whale and the Fin Whale .
During the latter half of the 18th century the Icelandic Sagas were still used as important historical sources , but the Viking Age was regarded as a barbaric and uncivilized period in the history of the Nordic countries .
Nousty is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Other parties .
According to Newton 's second law of motion , as expressed in the formula an object with a mass , m , of one kilogram will accelerate , a , at one meter per second per second when acted upon by a force , F , of one newton .
Ottawa Hills is a village in Lucas County , Ohio , United States .
It was later owned by CBS Corporation .
If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this License `` or any later version '' applies to it , you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or of any later version that has been published by the Free Software Foundation .
Following anomalous observations during an occultation of the star SAO 1220774 in 1978 , Herculina became the first asteroid to be `` confirmed '' to have an asteroid moon , with the parent asteroid estimated at a 216 km diameter and a satellite of about 45 km orbiting at a distance of around 1,000 km .
Following the unconditional surrender of the Wehrmacht which went into effect on 8 May 1945 , some Wehrmacht units remained active , either independently , or under Allied command as police forces . By the end of August 1945 , these units had been dissolved , and a year later on 20 August 1946 , the Allied Control Council declared the Wehrmacht as officially abolished .
Evanston was formally incorporated as a town on December 29 , 1863 , but declined in 1869 to become a city despite the Illinois legislature passing a bill for that purpose . Evanston expanded after the Civil War with the annexation of the village of North Evanston .
Mrs. Harding embarked with her husband on his nationwide `` Voyage of Understanding '' in the Summer of 1923 .
Her name is the feminine of Gabriel , from the Hebrew , which means `` messenger of God '' .
The song was written by Wendy Page , Jim Marr , D. Rambo and J. Richmond , and produced by Page and Marr for Billie 's debut album Honey to the B .
Hans Tilkowski is a former German footballer .
Keswick is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Changdeokgung was the second palace after Gyeongbokgung which had been established in 1395 as a primary palace .
Although any given solution to such a problem can be verified quickly , there is no known efficient way to locate a solution in the first place ; indeed , the most notable characteristic of NP-complete problems is that no fast solution to them is known .
He left on the Alexander , a convict transport ship in the First Fleet , in May 1787 and arrived in Botany Bay in January 1788 .
The next morning , July 10 , 1861 , she died shortly after 10 o'clock after requesting a cup of coffee .
Flannel , flannelette and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave .
In India , it is more often called the Chaldean Syrian Church .
The state later encouraged free settlement , and today Queensland 's economy is dominated by the agricultural , tourist and natural resource sectors .
In 1802 the Canton School was established ; it was the first non-parochial high school in Switzerland .
Colin Richardson is a British record producer , mixer and recording engineer .
A wrestler may be expected to portray many gimmicks during their career , most of which may be implausible or inconsistent .
The most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was Evgeni Nabokov , in 2002 .
Yoann Miguel Gourcuff is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Bordeaux and the French national team .
Half Hour of Power is Sum 41 's debut EP .
Boer is the Dutch word for farmer which came to denote the descendants of the proto Afrikaans-speaking pastoralists of the eastern Cape frontier in Southern Africa during the 18th century as well as those who left the Cape Colony during the 19th century to settle in the Orange Free State , Transvaal and to a lesser extent Natal .
It also produces branched stolons with small white flowers and baby plantlets .
Schupfart is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Let us live crowned with glory ... or swear to die gloriously .
Damages in the Caymans amounted to $ 15 million , and damages in Cuba totaled to $ 300 million , and $ 100,000 in damage to Jamaica , for a total of $ 315 million , with 1 fatality .
In 2005 , he became music director of the Orchestra dell ` Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia .
After many hours , Janu created fire and danced joyously .
The status of a powiat capital was briefly withdrawn , but it was re-introduced on January 16 , 1816 , when Augustów Voivodeship was created and its authorities were gradually moved to Suwałki .
For coordinates , use with display = inline , title .
Duff House Royal Golf course is bordered by the River Deveron and Duff House .
Airoldi sought to participate in the Athens Olympics of 1896 and he had a good chance of victory .
Piper believes in justification by faith alone apart from works , and his teachings emphasize the need for the active perseverance of the believer in faith , sanctification , and enduring sufferings , as this is evidence of God 's saving grace .
Foxe died April 18 , 1587 and was buried at St. Giles 's , Cripplegate .
The form with single - t - , Britannia , is secondary , but can be traced to the Roman period .
Nicolas Anelka is a French footballer who currently plays as a striker for Chelsea in the English Premier League . Anelka is also a regular starter for the French national team .
It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the north of the district at , the Union Council has a population of 30,384 .
There is also evidence of a cut and folded paper box from 1440 .
To the south is the American Legion Park , a small lake , and the Rhinebeck Cemetery .
A sequel for the Nintendo DS , Yoshi 's Island DS , was released in 2006 .
Here is what this template does .
The prefectures of Japan are the country 's 47 subnational jurisdictions : one `` metropolis '' , Tokyo ; one `` circuit '' , Hokkaidō ; two urban prefectures , Osaka and Kyoto ; and 43 other prefectures .
Campbell County , Tennessee , is named in his honor .
David Degen is a Swiss footballer currently playing for BSC Young Boys , mostly as a right midfielder , in the Swiss Super League .
The WebKit engine provides a set of classes to display web content in windows , and implements browser features such as following links when clicked by the user , managing a back-forward list , and managing a history of pages recently visited .
Ulrich `` Uli '' Stielike is a former German football player and manager .
He was hanged for murder at Old Melbourne Gaol in 1880 .
Written Ukrainian uses the Cyrillic alphabet .
The Hail Mary or Ave Maria in Latin has been set to music numerous times .
His Waterworld script was thrown out , and only two of his lines were kept in the final script of X-Men .
Normal film runs at 24 frames per second .
The art of glass developed especially in Italy .
Edge then climbed the ladder and successfully obtained possession of the briefcase to win the match .
The winner was at the time Raw superstar Kurt Angle , who later switched to the SmackDown brand .
It just expresses a truth .
Carthage at the time was in such a poor state that its navy was unable to transport his army to Iberia ; instead , Hamilcar had to march it towards the Pillars of Hercules and transport it across the Strait of Gibraltar .
Marine One is the call sign of any United States Marine Corps aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
In March 2001 , the World Wrestling Federation purchased World Championship Wrestling .
The system was upgraded to tropical storm status on the morning of August 24 and at this point , the storm was given the name Katrina .
The Vespucci expedition also named the Potengi river , whose considerably large mouth contrasted with the nearby bodies of water , `` Rio Grande '' , after which the Captaincy , Province , and State were named .
Very little is known for certain about his life , other than he tutored Charlie Patton in the ways of the blues , and moved to Chicago shortly after World War I. There are no recordings of him .
Identity fraud is the result of identity theft .
Blackfriars is an area of central London , which lies in the south-west corner of the City of London .
It crossed over Florida , and when it reached the western Atlantic , it paralleled the coastlines of Georgia and South Carolina .
The separator can also be a semicolon : disp = semi , disp = semicolon , disp = or , disp = comma & disp = b .
Honda , who already owned a 45 % stake in the BAR team , completed their takeover of the team and changed its name to Honda Racing F1 Team at the start of the season .
Cyrus Stevens Avery was known as the `` Father of Route 66 '' .
Ido is a stand-alone language .
There are both reductionist and holistic approaches to Earth science .
The island is known as Bedanug or Bedhan Lag by its Sovereign Original inhabitants , the Kaurareg people .
National societies will be given the lead especially when a conflict is happening within their own country .
Wisdom literature is the genre of literature common in the Ancient Near East .
Japan had plans for other puppet states .
The militant approach taken by white supremacist groups has caused them to be watched closely by law enforcement officials .
Well-known or economically important members of this order include lavender , lilac , olive , jasmine , the ash tree , teak , snapdragon , sesame , psyllium , and a number of table herbs such as mint , basil , and rosemary .
Summer warmth is insufficient to thaw more than a few surface feet , so permafrost prevails under large areas .
By way of illustration , the following reference text by V. Yule is given in traditional spelling and in Roman Phonetic Alphabet transcription :
In December , 2009 Eminem was named the Artist of the Decade by Billboard Magazine . According to Billboard , Eminem has two of his albums among the top 5 highest selling albums of the 2000s .
Jouques is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in southern France .
Connectivity to the fixed network is done through a base station or `` Radio Fixed Part '' to terminate the radio link , and a gateway to connect calls to the fixed network .
It was named in August 2003 after Eurydome in Greek mythology , who is sometimes described as the mother of the Graces by Zeus .
She began piano studies at an early age with a Senora Soria , a former student of Muzio Clementi , but when it became clear she had the talent of a professional pianist , she was also given lessons by such masters as Ignaz Moscheles and Johann Nepomuk Hummel .
The early Cold War era saw the United States as the most powerful nation in a Western coalition of which Mexico and Canada were also a part .
Seedless bananas and grapes are triploids , and seedlessness results from the abortion of the embryonic plant that is produced by fertilization , a phenomenon known as stenospermocarpy which requires normal pollination and fertilization .
Following the example of George Muller , Spurgeon founded the Stockwell Orphanage , which opened for boys in 1867 and for girls in 1879 , and which continued in London until it was bombed in the Second World War .
Her most notable characters on The Simpsons include Agnes Skinner , Brandine Spuckler , and Lindsey Naegle , while her performance as Mom is her most notable Futurama role .
She was the last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India .
The Brooklyn Excelsiors were an amateur baseball team that played in Brooklyn , New York .
Brentford Football Club are a professional English football club based in Brentford in the London Borough of Hounslow .
He was born in Leipzig , and studied at Leipzig conservatoire , later going to Saint Petersburg to play in the court orchestra of the Tsar .
Four of the species are endemic to Australia , with one species also co-occurring in Papua New Guinea and Indonesia .
Loigné - sur-Mayenne is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Geraardsbergen is a city and municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
From 1998 to the present , they have played in Chase Field .
On December 18 , 2008 , it was announced HBO picked up the dark comedy .
Philip John `` Phil '' Neville is an English footballer who captains Everton and played for England .
Eventually , Governor Weld heard of his predecessor Hampton 's promise , and decided that further punishment would be unfair .
Kim won the senior national title on her way to the 2005 World Junior Figure Skating Championships .
Yoshinori Taguchi is a former Japanese football player .
The Lachlan river is within the area occupied by the Wiradjuri people .
A manor house or fortified manor-house is a country house , which has historically formed the administrative center of a manor , the lowest unit of territorial organization in the feudal system .
Most are herbaceous plants , but a few are shrubs and small trees .
Evelina dislikes him and tolerates him only because he has curried favor with Captain Mirvan . He also accompanies Captain Mirvan whenever he assaults , provokes or teases Madam Duval .
Battagram Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Battagram District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Primary thermometers are relatively complex .
Baralle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Consequently , the distance between the shock and the body generating it reduces at high Mach numbers .
In addition to many of the regular signal transduction stimuli listed above , in complex organisms , there are also examples of additional environmental stimuli that initiate signal transduction processes .
To use this template , simply copy the text below and replace the text between the with the desired result .
Marshalltown is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
At his deathbed , he requested that no monuments be raised to his honor , but his statue was put up in front of Starčević House in 1998 .
Meantime , Le Verrier by letter urged Berlin Observatory astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle to search with the observatory 's refractor .
All of the highways into Wenchuan , and others throughout Sichuan province , were damaged , resulting in delayed arrival of the rescue troops .
Vermes is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Charlemagne was to intervene in church affairs , not always being successful .
Napoléon was proclaimed Emperor two years after Hugo 's birth , and the Bourbon Monarchy was restored before his eighteenth birthday .
Carlin was 71 years old .
In 1702 , the British completed the construction of old Fort William , which was used to station its troops and as a regional base .
Blairsburg is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
The Suikoden series was created , written , produced , and overseen by Yoshitaka Murayama , who left Konami near the end of Suikoden IIIs development .
GamesRadar described it as an `` all-around bad-ass '' and `` the Bruce Lee of Pokémon '' , suggesting its design as similar to the Egyptian God Anubis .
Caches have proven extremely effective in many areas of computing because access patterns in typical computer applications have locality of reference .
The oldest known document in Maltese is `` Il Cantilena '' a poem from the 15th century , written by Pietro Caxaro and the first known Maltese dictionary was written by the French Knight Francois de Vion Thezan Court in 1640 .
In about 1839 , Benjamin squatted on a small area of land in an isolated valley north of Murrurundi .
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
Chevennes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Several anti-corporate and not-for-profit forms of alternative protest have surfaced in the punk underground , such as self-made publications known as zines , where there is greater freedom to discuss controversial political issues such as discrimination , LGBT community issues , feminism , antitheism , and veganism .
Tokusatsu is one of the most popular forms of Japanese entertainment , but most tokusatsu movies and television programs are not widely known outside Asia .
Later the tribe enjoyed barbecue , played soccer , and partied .
There are 6 Upazilas/Thanas in this district .
After some exploration Phillip decided to go on to Port Jackson , and on 26 January the marines and convicts were landed at Sydney Cove , which Phillip named after Lord Sydney .
Figaro leaves .
Surrounding areas and mining camps sprang up as thousands of miners rushed into areas such as Spring Creek , Reedy Creek , Silver Creek , the Nine Mile Creek and the Woolshed increasing the population on the Ovens to around 22,000 .
Work with organic compounds found on meteorites tends to suggest that chirality is a characteristic of abiogenic synthesis , as amino acids show a left-handed bias , whereas sugars show a predominantly right-handed bias .
His original horns recede and are now white in color , erupting in pairs along the length of his head .
Long ton is the name for the unit called the `` ton '' in the avoirdupois or Imperial system of measurements , as used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries .
Microsoft announced it would no longer include support for game ports in operating systems beginning with MS-Windows XP Professional x64 edition , reasoning that USB-based gaming equipment had become more common .
In 1934 , his entry was second in the Health Council Competition and , in 1935 , won a poster competition for the London City Council .
China is viewed as the source of many major inventions . It has also one of the world 's oldest written language systems .
Cavagnago is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
On April 21 , 1831 , the new institution received its charter and was incorporated as the University of the City of New York by the New York State Legislature ; older documents often refer to it by that name . The university has been popularly known as New York University since its beginning and was officially renamed New York University in 1896 .
There was a church on the site by 1066 and work on the present structure began in the early 13th century , but little remains from that period .
Steering currents were weak during Alicia 's lifetime over water .
South Waziristan is the southern part of Waziristan , a mountainous region of northwest Pakistan , bordering Afghanistan and covering some 11,585 km .
Further expansion of the Islamic Turks in Central Asia from the 10th century finished disrupting trade in that part of the world , and Buddhism almost disappeared .
Rohr is a municipality in the district of Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Mary Hopkin on some recordings credited as Mary Visconti is a Welsh folk singer .
Tintagel Castle is a castle currently in ruins found on Tintagel Island , located near the village of Tintagel in Cornwall , England , UK .
Chiron is rehired after being proven not guilty , and the Fleece cures Thalia 's tree of its poison and also brings Thalia back to life .
The area was declared reserved in 1988 .
McIntire is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
A lynx is one of four big-sized wild cats .
The provinces of Thrace , Noricum , Pamphylia , Lycia , and Judea were annexed under various circumstances during his term .
Démouville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
NRT products are generally expensive , sometimes even more than cigarettes , so a minority of people may become addicted to the NRT product and turn back to tobacco products to save money .
The aircraft had been eliminated from regular service in the continental United States in 2006 , when Delta Air Lines withdrew the type .
The compilation album Songs from the South peaked at # 2 in 1997 , while his highest charting studio album was Nothing But A Dream which peaked at # 7 in 2001 .
An unspecified or collective occurrence of feces is generally shit or some shit ; a single deposit of feces is sometimes a shit or a piece of shit , and to defecate is to shit , or to take a shit .
Larger and more angular snow crystals are an indicator of weaker bonds within the snow pack , because the sintering process that forms bonds within the snow pack will also cause the snow crystals to become smaller and rounder . Consolidated snow is less likely to slough than either loose powdery layers or wet isothermal snow ; however , consolidated snow is a necessary condition for the occurrence of slab avalanches , and will mask persistent instabilities within a snow pack .
The Report was received warmly by Virginia Democratic-Republicans .
The group played the Concerts for Teenage Cancer Trust charity event at the Royal Albert Hall in March 2009 . .
Saint-Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Dorothea Mackellar wrote her famous poem My Country about her family 's farm near Gunnedah .
Lee Soo Young is a Korean ballad singer .
Pomeroy is a city in Calhoun County , Iowa , United States .
Tank or Tonk , is the capital city of Tank District , North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
In this version , Oliver is a cat and Fagin 's gang is made up of dogs , one of which is Dodger .
As significant convection failed to persist , the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Olga earlier on December 13 while located about 80 miles northwest of Kingston .
Any material that can not be grown through agricultural processes , or created artificially in a laboratory or factory , is usually mined .
It is on the south coast of the Samaná Peninsula , on the coast of Samana Bay .
At the 2000 census , the city population was 147,306 , and its metropolitan area had a population of 732,117 .
Emperor Seimu is considered by most historians to be a legendary figure , and the name Seimu Tennō was assigned to him posthumously by later generations .
Christopher Roy `` Chris '' Sutton is an English football manager and former player .
The team plays its home games in Westman Communications Group Place .
The authorities initially rejected the proposal by casting doubts over functionality and concerns about the high installation costs , but made an about-turn when the government announced plans to install half-height automatic platform gates in a speech on 25 January 2008 , citing lower costs due to it becoming a more common feature worldwide .
Longfellow was very quiet , reserved , and private ; in later years , he was known for being unsocial and avoided leaving home .
MSDN subscribers were able to download SP1 on February 15 , 2008 .
The Iraqi national football team is the national team of Iraq and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association .
The game was taken up by the Muslim world after the Islamic conquest of Persia , with the pieces largely retaining their Persian names ; in Arabic `` māt '' or `` māta '' م ات means `` died '' , `` is dead '' .
The population was 1,415 at the 2000 census .
The Commonwealth of Australia is made up of six states and two major mainland territories . There are also lesser territories that are under the administration of the federal government .
Clarence Leonidas Fender , also known as Leo Fender , was a Greek-American inventor who founded Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company , now known as Fender Musical Instruments Corporation , and later founded MusicMan and G&L Musical Products .
The Maya peoples never disappeared , neither at the time of the Classic period decline nor with the arrival of the Spanish conquistadores and the subsequent Spanish colonization of the Americas .
South from here the subway was built with a steel roof to Aldwych tramway station and , because it was not initially planned to run a public service south of here , the tracks leading towards the Strand were used as a depot with appropriate equipment and inspection pits .
Velluire is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
He infiltrates The Prison , and rescues Jak .
The operations of vector addition and scalar multiplication have to satisfy certain requirements , called axioms , listed below . An example of a vector space is that of Euclidean vectors which are often used to represent physical quantities such as forces : any two forces can be added to yield a third , and the multiplication of a force vector by a real factor is another force vector .
After the break-up of the Soviet Union , it became part of independent Ukraine as Zakarpattia Oblast .
Nocera Inferiore , formerly Nocera dei Pagani , is a town and comune in Campania , Italy , in the province of Salerno , at the foot of Monte Albino , 20 km east-south-east of Naples by rail , 135 f. above sea-level .
Kesha Estella Wizzart was an English singer and contestant on the television show Stars In Their Eyes on ITV in 2004 .
It is normally cheaper for people based in Hong Kong to fly to Mainland Chinese destinations from Shenzhen rather than from Hong Kong , and it is usually cheaper for those based in southern Mainland China to fly out of Hong Kong to international destinations .
Saint-Calez-en-Saosnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Morières - lès - Avignon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
This was the beginning of an extraordinarly productive portion of his life ; while in the service of Duke Ercole II d'Este he wrote masses , motets , chansons , and of course madrigals , many of which were topical , some involving matters concerning the court itself .
It flows through the Banat region and flows into the Danube near Pančevo , in northern Serbia .
In September 2009 Lindi performed on a cross-Canada tour as opening act for Keane 's North American tour .
A flight number , when combined with the name of the airline and the date , identifies a particular flight .
Nielles-l ès - Calais is located 4 miles south of Calais , at the junction of the D304 and D245E roads .
There have been 17 unanimous winners , meaning they received all the first-place votes .
Saint-Hymer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
It was bought by the Commonwealth Government in 1915 from the state of New South Wales so that the Federal capital at Canberra would have access to the sea .
After the Soviet consulate had apparently demanded he divorce Katia and while working with the American Negro Ballet , the inventor fell in love with and married the young prima ballerina Lavinia Williams .
The town is situated about 160 kilometres west of Canberra . It is on the Snowy Mountains Highway .
Hilbert 's paradox of the Grand Hotel is a mathematical veridical paradox about infinite sets presented by German mathematician David Hilbert .
She later went to Mexico to participate at Miss Universe 2007 .
The earliest predecessors of the game , chaturanga , originated in India in the 6th century AD , and spread from China to Japan , where it spawned a number of variants .
The Black-throated Loon , is a medium-sized member of the loon or diver family .
A late season hurricane hit Galveston , Texas on November 5 .
Benny Goodman broke with tradition by hiring Teddy Wilson to play with him and drummer Gene Krupa in the Benny Goodman Trio .
Spanish and Portuguese Jews call the synagogue an esnoga .
Pizza Hut opened its outlets in Pakistan in 1993 which was three years before India had its first Pizza Hut outlet in 1996 .
The Cathedral has an external pulpit by Donatello .
The position of royal printmaker was public office , and thereby also made her the first female official in Sweden .
Oséas Reis dos Santos is a retired Brazilian football player .
Benjamin Ricketson Tucker was a leading proponent of American individualist anarchism in the 19th century , and editor and publisher of the individualist anarchist periodical Liberty .
Silk is widely produced today . India is the second largest producer of Silk after China .
Jefferson Parish is a parish in Louisiana , United States that includes most of the suburbs of New Orleans .
The typically saltless Tuscan bread , obtained with natural levain frequently features in Florentine courses , especially in its famous soups , ribollita and pappa al pomodoro , or in the salad of bread and fresh vegetables called panzanella that is served in summer .
This template is currency agnostic , what means it does n't convert between different currencies .
Tobias has also been a surname .
Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His works show that he commanded all the learning of his time .
Mirepoix is the French name for a combination of onions , carrots , and celery .
Cuneo is a province in the southwest of the Piedmont region of Italy .
Albatrosses in calm seas are forced to rest on the ocean 's surface until the wind picks up again .
Before the 1700s , San Juan Creek and its tributary , Trabuco Creek , were probably unnamed , although it is likely that the creeks had indigenous names that were later lost .
The next close approach will be June 16 , 2015 at 8.1 Gm .
Like , this one lets you know the date , time , and the amount of articles on Wikipedia .
On March 10 , 2005 , the Mozilla Foundation announced that it would not release any official versions of Mozilla Application Suite beyond 1.7 . x , since it had now focused on the standalone applications Firefox and Thunderbird .
Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 31 .
One theory has it that the expression derives from Celtic 's first game in 1888 , which was played against Rangers . A newspaper report stated that both sets of players `` got on so well that you would believe that they were old firm friends . ''
The parameter makes it possible to show within the box lines available at a different station with which there 's a direct transfer from the current station .
Written by Buffy creator Joss Whedon , the series follows a Slayer named Melaka Fray , a chosen one in a time where vampires are returning to the slums of New York City , and the rich-poor divide is even greater .
The Province of Reggio Emilia is one of the eight provinces of the Italian Region of Emilia-Romagna .
In November 2006 , the International Labor Organization announced it will be seeking `` to prosecute members of the ruling Myanmar junta for crimes against humanity '' over the continuous forced labor of its citizens by the military at the International Court of Justice .
During the winter months , this is supplemented for both areas by an hour long program , broadcast Monday-Friday , between 1805 - 1900 .
The village is 400 km north of Sydney and about 56 km south east of Tamworth past Chaffey Dam via a good sealed road .
The group was formed in early 1985 by Hollywood Rose members Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin , and L.A. Guns members Tracii Guns , Ole Beich and Rob Gardner .
Recently the notion of the `` death of postmodernism '' has been increasingly widely debated : in 2007 Andrew Hoborek noted in his introduction to a special issue of the journal Twentieth Century Literature titled `` After Postmodernism '' that `` declarations of postmodernism 's demise have become a critical commonplace '' .
Leulinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Throughout the 1830s he was regarded as the most notorious bushranger in the colony .
Linkin Park also received significant recognition during the 2004 Radio Music Awards , winning the Artist of the Year and Song of the Year awards .
In the 21st century , torture is considered to be a violation of human rights , and is declared to be unacceptable by Article 5 of the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Bazougers is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Transvaal is the name of an area of northern South Africa .
Wanquetin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
I felt it should have been done by an outside panel , not by my competitors . ''
Bridgeport is a city in Lawrence County , Illinois , United States .
He is considered by some historians to have had a crucial influence on the transition of New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement and therefore to have played a major role in the shaping of Australian society in the early nineteenth century .
In June 1986 the One Day Capitalcard was launched . The Capitalcard brand ended in January 1989 when the Travelcard gained validity on British Rail .
The Football League , also known as the Coca-Cola Football League for sponsorship reasons , is a league competition featuring professional football clubs from England and Wales .
In the first Immunity Challenge , the younger Ulong struggled as Jolanda insisted to take everything in the supply dump , leaving the elderly Koror with the lead and eventually win the challenge .
In May 2004 , TNA announced that they had negotiated a television deal with Fox Sports Net where they would get a one-hour timeslot on Fridays in most markets , putting TNA on unrestricted cable and satellite for the first time .
Burgäschisee is a lake near Aeschi in Switzerland , on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn .
On 17 May 1788 she landed at Lord Howe Island for birds and vegetables , and arrived in England on 15 June 1789 .
Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
Fresh plaice is also oven-baked .
Manning won the most valuable player award in Super Bowl XLII on February 3 , 2008 .
He is most notable for the influence he had on the work of his great-grandson , author William Faulkner .
The Shingo River is a tributary of the Suru River , and flows through the Ladakh region .
She was at his side when the President died in San Francisco , California in August 1923 .
It lies on a peninsula that divides the Gulf of Aden from the Gulf of Tadjoura .
Cloud computing is Internet - based development and use of computer technology .
Islamabad International Airport , formerly known as `` Chaklala '' airport , now known as `` Benazir Bhutto International Airport '' is actually in Rawalpindi ; it serves the city along with the capital .
Their wingspan measures 7.5-9 .5 cm .
Grant S. Fuhr , is a former goaltender in the National Hockey League and currently the goaltending coach for the Phoenix Coyotes .
This group 's hits included the ballad `` San Franciscan Nights '' , the grunge - heavy metal-pioneering `` When I Was Young '' , `` Monterey '' , the anti-Vietnam anthem `` Sky Pilot '' and the progressive cover of `` Ring of Fire '' .
They are the most common type of bicycle racing in the continental United States .
Mikaël Samy Silvestre is a French football defender .
It is the counterpart to gynaecology , which deals with medical issues which are specific to women .
Ferrets can only be used for hunting purposes and can only be kept with a government permit .
As in many families at the time , Wesley 's parents gave their children their early education .
Together with the tesseractic honeycomb , these are the only three regular tessellations of R4 .
India refers to this region as Pakistan Occupied Kashmir .
The main river is navigable for large ocean steamers to Manaus , 1500 k upriver from the mouth .
About 90-95 % of hypertension is essential hypertension .
Sullivan Bay lies 60 km due south of Melbourne on Port Phillip Bay , one kilometre east of Sorrento , Victoria .
The fact that Jelckama was less personable than Donia also cost him : he forged less fruitful alliances and lost more than he made . All this would lead to the defeat of Jelckama and his army .
Kirby then uses the Star Rod to defeat both forms of Nightmare , and saves Dream Land once again .
Port Arthur were champions Canadian Amateur Hockey Association four times , and were chosen twice as represent Canada as the Canada national men 's ice hockey team at international competitions .
The OTV program builds on industry and government investments by DARPA , NASA and Air Force .
West Edmonton Mall covers a gross area of about 570,000 m2 and cost C$ 1.2 billion to build .
Two Horcruxes have been destroyed ; the diary and a ring , and Harry and Dumbledore locate another , although it is a fake .
An example of a surviving celestial globe is part of a Hellenistic sculpture , called the Farnese Atlas , surviving in a 2nd century AD Roman copy in the Naples Museum , Naples , Italy .
In 1898 , Lilian Baylis presented a series of opera concerts at the Old Vic theater .
Saint-Barth élemy - Grozon is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
Group the templates in chronological order , with the newest on top .
Ramon was the space shuttle payload specialist of STS-107 , the fatal mission of Columbia , where he and six other crew members were killed in a re-entry accident over southern Texas .
The small intestine is where most chemical digestion takes place . Most of the digestive enzymes that act in the small intestine are secreted by the pancreas and enter the small intestine via the pancreatic duct .
Digital signatures are often used to implement electronic signatures , a broader term that refers to any electronic data that carries the intent of a signature , but not all electronic signatures use digital signatures .
With the standard practice of `` doubles '' or `` twos '' , 12 changes are usually made for one second of film movement .
Between 1983 and 1994 , four probes containing temperature and pressure measurement devices and video equipment were lowered into Old Faithful .
Because of the limited shoreline of one super-continental mass , Triassic marine deposits are globally relatively rare , despite their prominence in Western Europe , where the Triassic was first studied .
The World Meteorological Organization and the UNEP established the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in 1988 .
There are two locations of the Broward County Library system in Deerfield Beach .
He concludes by saying , `` Rise Against may be nervous about leaving the underground behind , but with sharp songs like these , they 're ready for the rest of the world . ''
The northern region of the island has low ridges from which marble is quarried , while the southern region is an elevated plain .
For low-volume or prototype embedded systems , general purpose computers may be adapted by limiting the programs or by replacing the operating system with a real-time operating system .
As Basilio , the slimy music teacher , arrives , the Count , not wanting to be caught alone with Susanna , hides behind the chair .
The year of his death is calculated from the fact that Antonio Pucci , the town crier of Florence , wrote a poem in Giotto 's honor in which it is stated that he was 70 at the time of his death .
Acq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
His successors , the joint monarchs William and Mary , did not make any further appointments to the Order , which consequently fell into .
This including concerts , plays , dance , and lecturers culminating in fireworks .
Diana , Princess of Wales was descended from two of Charles ' illegitimate sons ; Henry Fitzroy , 1st Duke of Grafton and Charles Lennox , 1st Duke of Richmond .
It had schools , a convent , hotels , a prison with imposing stone walls , a hospital , a mental hospital , court house , police barracks , stage coach companies and a powder magazine .
The Gambia national football team , nicknamed The Scorpions , is the national team of Gambia and is controlled by the Gambia Football Association . Until 1965 , the team , and the country , were known as British Gambia .
He then moved up to heavyweight and as underdog beat the long-reigning IBF heavyweight champion Larry Holmes ; in doing so , Spinks became the first reigning light-heavyweight champion to win the heavyweight title .
In December 2009 , `` wikiHow had 20 million unique readers from over 200 countries or territories .
Although they posed no immediate threat to Warwick 's own power , Warwick resented the influence this group had over the King and , with the aid of Edward 's disaffected younger brother George , Duke of Clarence , the Warwick led an army against Edward .
Pargnan is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Each painted object in the scene is a flat , scaled down version of the object on the other side of the window .
She said that it was the only picture she 'd been in , in which she had a measure of modesty ... about her own attractiveness . ''
It offered a modern and direct replacement of the 737-200 , while also allowing longer routes with fewer passengers to be more economical than with the 737-300 .
He is quoted to have said `` Death with the sword in hand , is always preferable to extinction by a mere stroke of the pen . ''
Vacuum is taken from this point .
Most importantly it directly led to the creation of the United States of America .
When she was 14 , she attended Camp T-Zone , Tyra Banks ' self-esteem camp just for girls .
After her husband 's death , she was known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with her daughter , Queen Elizabeth II .
Porcupines in search of salt sometimes encroach on human habitats , eating plywood cured with sodium nitrate , certain paints , tool handles , footwear , clothes and other items that have been coated in salty sweat .
The Iveys changed their name to Badfinger with the single release of `` Come And Get It , '' a composition written by Paul McCartney , and it became a worldwide Top Ten hit .
Rainsville was incorporated in October 1956 .
This reciprocal nature of interpersonal popularity is often overlooked by people who are attempting to become popular : being loud may be successful in gaining attention , but is unlikely to provide mutual respect .
Intermittent comments made by Pitar concerning a particular prospect or artifact that has not been invented or developed yet , add to the humor of the grotesque scenario .
Romero listed the films in alphabetical order , with special placement given to The Tales of Hoffman , which he cites as `` my favorite film of all time ; the movie that made me want to make movies . ''
Function : Helper function for and .
The population was 6,975 at the 2000 Census .
Sainte-H élène , Gironde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Native American people traded obsidian throughout the Americas .
Romero attended Pittsburgh 's Carnegie Mellon University .
This type of absinthe is known as a verte .
Sault-Br énaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
To the north of Johannesburg , the altitude drops beyond the escarpment of the Highveld , and turns into the lower lying Bushveld , an area of mixed dry forest and an abundance of wildlife .
An example of what could be created is a user option to not display images that are in certain categories .
Nintendo revived the Donkey Kong license in the 1990s for a series of platform games and spin-offs developed by Rare , beginning with Donkey Kong Country in . Donkey Kong Jungle Beat is the latest in this series .
The Semantic Web takes the solution further . It involves publishing in languages specifically designed for data : Resource Description Framework , Web Ontology Language , and Extensible Markup Language .
The Uffizi Gallery , is one of the oldest and most famous art museums of the Western world .
Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft .
In dimensional analysis , a dimensionless quantity is a quantity without a physical unit and is thus a pure number .
In summer , the state , especially southern and eastern Utah , lies in the path of monsoon moisture from the Gulf of California .
The Hindu calendar used in ancient times has undergone many changes in the process of regionalization , and today there are several regional Indian calendars , as well as an Indian national calendar .
Leonese Language Day started on June 10 , 2006 and it was organisez by the Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu with the collaboration of the Asociación Berciana en Defensa de la Llingua Llïonesa El Toralín , La Barda and Pro Monumenta .
Scottsdale is also home of the International School of Arizona , a non-profit language immersion school that teaches children classes in a foreign language .
Fléron 33 .
Linspire , previously known as LindowsOS , was a commercial operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux and later Ubuntu .
Music recording sales certification is a system of certifying that a music recording has shipped a certain number of copies .
On March 17 , 2009 , Apple announced version 3.0 of the iPhone OS for the iPhone , released on June 17 , 2009 . The iPhone 3GS was announced on June 8 , 2009 , and has improved performance , a camera with higher resolution and video capability , and voice control .
The process controls the organized spatial distribution of cells during the embryonic development of an organism .
Muralto is a municipality in the district of Locarno , in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He later practiced law in St. Louis and died there in 1912 .
Roberto Carlos `` Pato '' Abbondanzieri is an Argentine football goalkeeper who plays for Boca Juniors and the Argentina national football team .
One of these assumptions was that since 2 , 3 , 5 , and 7 are precisely the first four primes , the fifth perfect number would be obtained when p = 11 , the fifth prime .
Tropical Depression 14 formed from a tropical wave on October 14 .
You can see this template in action .
Sarah Asher Tua Geronimo is a Filipino singer , dancer , commercial model and actress .
Gonneville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The original subject of ukiyo-e was city life , in particular activities and scenes from the entertainment district .
The word `` quetzal '' was originally used for just the Resplendent Quetzal , Pharomachrus mocinno , the famous long-tailed quetzal of southern Mexico and Central America , which is the national bird of Guatemala .
With the split window mode the user can divide their channel window into 2 , one for chat messages and the other for `` commands '' like joins/parts/mode changes .
The Media Center became administratively incorporated into the Library .
From 1917 he was president of Sinn Féin , the party which had wrongly been credited by the British for the Easter Rising and which the survivors of the Rising took over and then turned into a republican party .
A chest of drawers , also called a dresser and a bureau , is a piece of furniture that has multiple parallel , horizontal drawers stacked one above another .
In adult organisms , stem cells and progenitor cells act as a repair system for the body , replenishing specialized cells , but also maintain the normal turnover of regenerative organs , such as blood , skin , or intestinal tissues .
Tropical Storm Barbara in June caused $ 55 million in crop damage in southeastern Mexico from heavy precipitation .
When the Constitution of Australia came into force , on 1 January 1901 , the colonies collectively became states of the Commonwealth of Australia .
Renal medullary carcinoma has been termed `` the seventh sickle cell nephropathy '' because it is found almost exclusively in individuals with sickle cell trait or occasionally in those with sickle cell disease .
He was recently credited as being the producer in a remixed version of The Mitchell Brothers song `` Michael Jackson '' .
It can still be seen today on the hill on the opposite side of the Stuart Shopping center .
Stewart started as a stand-up comedian but later branched out to television , hosting Short Attention Span Theater for Comedy Central .
The Count and Countess return .
In particular , it has not yet been solved for the modern situation of two previously unknown users attempting to communicate electronically , as , for instance , in electronic commerce .
LEMON is featured in school textbooks ; there are n't many Japanese who do n't know the story .
Benzylpiperazine is a recreational drug with euphoric , stimulant properties .
In the area of the rete testis , the sperm are concentrated as fluid is reabsorbed . If this does not occur , the sperm that enter the epididymis are not concentrated , resulting in infertility .
Luis Amaranto Perea Mosquera is a Colombian footballer currently playing with Atlético Madrid , in the Spanish first division .
Berg is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
P.O.D. 's third studio album , 1999 's The Fundamental Elements of Southtown , spawned the hits `` Southtown '' and Total Request Live favorite `` Rock the Party '' , which became their first video to reach # 1 on MTV 's TRL .
Traill 's Pass is a mountain pass through the Himalayas located between Nanda Devi and Nanda Kot peaks in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India .
All three franchises have been hockey teams , two in the ECHL and one in the IHL .
These games were originally scheduled to be held in Rome .
Simon Episcopius was spokesman of the 13 representatives of the Remonstrants who were summoned before the Synod in 1618 .
The Pour le Mérite is correctly called an `` order '' , in which a man or woman is admitted into membership , and should not be referred to as a `` medal '' or `` decoration '' .
The Phil O'Donnell Stand , was built in 1960 as the Main Stand .
Mega Man 8 , known as in Japan , is a video game released by Capcom in 1996 and 1997 for the PlayStation and the Sega Saturn .
Both the larvae of the death watch beetle and the common furniture beetle will tunnel through wood and paper if it is nearby the wood .
Le Sueur composed the Triumphal March for the coronation of Napoleon , directed a Mass by Paisiello and a Vivat by his former master abbé Roze .
The current mayor of Waveland is Democrat Tommy Longo .
The Earth of the early Archean may have had a different tectonic style .
The university also emphasized the development of computer and information technology throughout the campus .
Leandro , full name José Leandro de Souza Ferreira , is a former defender at Flamengo , winning four Brazilian national titles , five Rio State championships , one Libertadores da América , and one Intercontinental Cup against Liverpool .
Playboy is an American men 's magazine , founded in Chicago , Illinois in 1953 , by Hugh Hefner and his associates , and funded in part by a $ 1,000 loan from Hefner 's mother .
The Tacna Region is divided into four provinces , which are composed of 26 districts .
Deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids , though subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested .
While Tim Finn left for England , his brother Neil Finn was the founder of Crowded House with Split Enz 's final drummer Paul Hester in 1985 .
The Raw is War logo and name were retired in September 2001 , following the September 11 attacks and sensitivity over the word war , and because the Monday Night Wars were `` over '' .
Despite this separation and Snape 's animosity toward Lily 's eventual husband James , Snape remained in love with Lily .
In 2002 , it had a population of 688,435 and the population density was 80.5 / km .
Fertility is the natural capability of giving life .
Fantasy is a genre that uses magic and other supernatural forms as a primary element of plot , theme , and/or setting . Many works within the genre take place on fictional planes or planets where magic is common .
Tzu Chi was the first force from outside the People 's Republic of China to join the rescue effort .
Maine experiences a humid continental climate , with warm , humid summers .
Some species actively feed on ant larvae in the colony , others are speculated to be scavengers .
Tomisawa started his career at Tokyo Verdy Youth .
François Couperin was a French Baroque composer , organist and harpsichordist .
The Eurasian Brown Bear is a subspecies of the brown bear , and found across northern Eurasia .
Along with their political roles , foreign ministers are also traditionally responsible for many diplomatic duties , such as hosting foreign world leaders and going on state visits to other countries .
Others are simply kidnapped .
Muret-et-Crouttes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ansouis is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Dew Process is an independently managed label , distributed in Australia and New Zealand by Universal Music Australia .
A newer method called flash pasteurisation involves shorter exposure to higher temperatures , and is claimed to be better for preserving fashion and taste in some eggs .
Graham has had a personal audience with every sitting United States President from Harry S. Truman to Barack Obama .
David Mackintosh is the drummer for the band DragonForce .
A probability distribution is called discrete if its cumulative distribution function only increases in jumps . More precisely , a probability distribution is discrete if there is a finite or countable set whose probability is 1 .
They were less vinegary than modern ketchups ; by pickling ripe tomatoes , the need for benzoate was eliminated without spoilage or degradation in flavor .
The river flows from the mountains of southeastern Turkey through Iraq .
Dynamic pressure is closely related to the kinetic energy of a fluid particle , since both quantities are proportional to the particle 's mass and square of the velocity .
The `` inner parlors '' in 1 Chronicles 28:11 in the Bible were the small rooms or chambers which Solomon built all round two sides and one end of the Temple , `` side chambers '' , or they may have been , as some think , the porch and the holy place .
This ability to create a new planet from scratch is the reason that the Drej feared humanity 's potential enough to destroy Earth .
The Mediterranean Ridge is a wide ridge in the bed of the Mediterranean Sea , running along a rough quarter circle from Calabria , south of Crete , to the southwest corner of Turkey , and from there eastwards south of Turkey , including Cyprus .
John Stuart Mill , English philosopher , political theorist , political economist , civil servant and Member of Parliament , was an influential British Classical liberal thinker of the 19th century whose works on liberty justified freedom of the individual in opposition to unlimited state control .
He attained realization at a place not far from the town now known as Ganagapur in North Karnataka .
The last English city to lose its conventional trams was Sheffield in 1960 .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the village has a total area of 1.7 square miles , of which , 1.4 square miles of it is land and 0.3 square miles of it is water .
On December 16 , 2009 , Frusciante revealed that he had left the Red Hot Chili Peppers before the start of 2009 .
New Zealand has three official languages - Māori , English and New Zealand Sign Language . Māori gained this status with the passing of the Māori Language Act in 1987 .
In 1999 , 88 years after his final Major League appearance and 44 years after his death , editors at The Sporting News ranked Cy Young 14th on their list of `` Baseball 's 100 Greatest Players '' .
Southampton is the largest city in the county of Hampshire on the south coast of England , and is situated 100 k south-west of London and 30 k north-west of Portsmouth . Southampton is a major port and the closest city to the New Forest .
Calcium-rich pyroxenes and olivine , along with nickel-iron metal , have been detected on Eunomia 's surface .
Hurricane Darby and Tropical Storm Agatha brought rains and more destruction to Mexico , without making landfall .
During the course of a day , they will switch over approximately every four hours or so , meaning that only one nostril is used at any one time .
Trevor Linden , OBC is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
The following table lays out the chronology of the construction of most of the major pyramids mentioned here .
Khartoum officials , however , denied that any oil fields had come under attack .
The original 4-year sponsorship deal has now been extended through to 2013 .
Breeding horned and hornless together functions as a genetic dehorner .
Its mean distance from the Sun is 3.067 .
Anna Maria , is a city in Manatee County , Florida , United States .
It borders Walthamstow and Leytonstone ; Stratford in Newham ; and Homerton and Lower Clapton in the London Borough of Hackney .
Le Sourd is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
She was the 5th cabinet officer be investigated by independent counsel .
Evanescence was founded by singer , pianist and songwriter Amy Lee and former lead guitarist and songwriter Ben Moody .
It has a population of 491,500 .
Wario ranked 10th on GameDaily 's Top 10 Smash Bros. characters list .
Defines if the talk page , if it exists , also should be deleted on speedy delete .
Khalid was received by his elder brother Walid bin Walid and was first among the three men to enter Islam .
The 1988 Formula One season was the 39th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
The University of Bedfordshire Theatre is the largest theater in Bedford and hosts many larger productions as well as projects from the university . There is an active amdram scene , with groups such as the Swan Theatre Company , Bedford Dramatic Club , Bedford Marianettes and ShowCo Bedford producing plays and musicals in venues like the Civic Theatre and the Corn Exchange .
It is straightforward to show that the last digit of any even perfect number must be 6 or 8 .
He also produced two major settings of Evensong , the Short Service and the Second Service .
The Disquisitiones Arithmeticae is a textbook of number theory written in Latin by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1798 when Gauss was 21 and first published in 1801 when he was 24 .
In contrast parties that obtain more constituency seats than their national share of the vote indicates that they ought to have are allowed to keep these so-called overhang seats . In the current parliament elected in 2009 there are 24 overhang seats , giving the Bundestag a total of 622 members .
The district seat is North Bay .
In English , both ` sex ' and ` gender ' can be used in contexts where they could not be substituted - ` sexual intercourse ' , ` safe sex ' , ` sex worker ' , or on the other hand , ` grammatical gender ' .
Shortly after he recovered , he strained his voice while preaching , which brought on a violent fit of coughing .
Regeneration activities have been discussed for Kilmarnock town center ; in early 2006 , an application to Historic Scotland 's Conservation Area Regeneration Scheme was successful , and as of July 2006 an application under the Heritage Lottery Fund 's Townscape Heritage Initiative Scheme was pending .
He next became the head photographer at the Lourenco Marques daily newspaper , A Tribuna , from 1960 until 1964 .
Hugo kept his artwork out of the public eye , fearing it would overshadow his literary work .
The Congo DR national football team , nicknamed The Leopards , is the national team of the Democratic Republic of Congo and is controlled by the Fédération Congolaise de Football-Association .
Football games are mentioned in the Statute of Galway , 1527 , which allowed the playing of football and archery , but banned '' ` hokie ' the hurling of a little ball with sticks or staves '' , as well as other sports .
Golfers play at the course of the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade .
He joined the engineering faculty and the physics faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1951 . He was Professor of Electrical Engineering and of Physics at Illinois .
Born in Rouen , France , Géricault was educated in the tradition of English sporting art by Carle Vernet and classical figure composition by Pierre-Narcisse Guérin , a rigorous classicist who disapproved of his student 's impulsive temperament , but recognized his talent .
Croix-en-Ternois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
She has a son and two daughters , as well as 4 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren .
It was nominated in 1990 as the national insect of the United States of America , along with the honeybee , but the legislation did not pass .
The Shafi'i and Hanbali schools , however , argue that the appointment is not necessary and the prayer is valid as long as it is performed in a congregation .
Conversion is the transformation , or change , of one thing into another .
In ZoneAlarm , program access is controlled by way of `` zones '' , into which all network connections are divided .
He has wide experience in the field of communications - mainly in television and radio broadcasting as a news journalist .
Villette-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Douala is linked by rail to Yaoundé , Ngaoundéré , Kumba and Nkongsamba .
The LNH has had writers from places as diverse as the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , Canada , the Philippines , Brazil , Australia , and New Zealand write for it .
With the success and wide influence of Hegel 's writings , Kant 's influence began to wane , though there was in Germany a brief movement that hailed a return to Kant in the 1860s , beginning with the publication of Kant und die Epigonen in 1865 by Otto Liebmann , whose motto was `` Back to Kant '' .
Germanium has five naturally occurring isotopes ranging in atomic mass number from 70 to 76 . It forms a large number of organometallic compounds , including tetraethylgermane and isobutylgermane .
A major item on his agenda was the defense of the General Assembly 's 1798 Virginia Resolutions , of which Madison had been the draftsman .
He was found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and executed on October 16 , 1946 .
Mi Reflejo is the only Spanish-language studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera , released in 2000 .
But back in Paris , Hadley and Hemingway decided to separate .
The bank claims a loan recovery rate of 98.35 % , up from the 95 % recovery rate claimed in 1998 . The Wall Street Journal , in November , 2001 , published an article expressing doubt about the 95 % recovery rate from 1996 and the accounting practices that Grameen used to determine this rate .
About 55 % of whole blood is blood plasma , a fluid that is the blood 's liquid medium , which by itself is straw-yellow in color .
Mount St. Helens showed significant activity on March 8 , 2005 , when a plume of steam and ash emerged - visible from Seattle .
Neulette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France .
Ender 's Game won the 1985 Nebula Award for best novel and the 1986 Hugo Award for best novel .
An early Classic period Mayan tomb from the site of Rio Azul , Guatemala , had vessels with the Maya glyph for cacao on them with residue of a chocolate drink .
High Island is an unincorporated area located in the Bolivar Peninsula census-designated place , Galveston County , Texas , United States .
While it is Lincoln 's short speech that has gone down in history as one of the finest examples of English public oratory , it was Everett 's two-hour oration that was slated to be the `` Gettysburg address '' that day .
However , these issues have been addressed with the latest units and some CFLs may perform more like regular lamps . Dimmable CFLs have a higher purchase cost than standard CFLs due to the additional circuitry required for dimming .
In 1856/57 Boudin met the young Claude Monet who spent several months working with Boudin in his studio .
John William Snow served as the 73rd United States Secretary of the Treasury under U.S. President George W. Bush .
Small versions of this instrument , called bird flageolets were also made and were used for teaching birds to sing .
A severely injured Bella is taken to a hospital .
Crennes-sur-Fraub ée is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Hercules ask for Nessus to show him again , when Nessus shows Deianeira again Hercules jumps through the portal into the Elysian fields .
The state suffers from the highest rate of malnutrition in Mexico , estimated to affect more than 40 % of the population .
Their tails may be from long .
He is interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York .
Proteus is very dark in color , almost like soot .
Badmotorfinger was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1992 .
It is promoted by George Foreman , a former champion boxer .
The city of Chicoutimi was founded in 1842 by Peter McLeod .
This template makes that more convenient .
Mid-way through the match , all four men began brawling in the ring , and Muhammad Ali punched Piper in an attempt to restore order .
Homer grows hair , and is given a promotion at work which allows him to hire a secretary named Karl .
Yerevan 's manufactures include chemicals , primary metals , machinery , rubber products , plastics , textiles , alcoholic beverages and processed food .
The Gallo-Romance branch of Romance languages includes French , Franco-Proven çal , and several other languages spoken in modern France and Northern Italy .
Cogners is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
These are alike , except for the color of the seed .
VMware , Inc. is a provider of virtualization software .
The book had a more realistic story ; it dealt with the quest of a hunter and his dog Copper to shoot Tod after he killed the hunter 's new dog Chief .
There are fewer other expatriates than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
The event was originally-produced in 1985 under National Wrestling Alliance 's Jim Crockett Promotions , and then by its successor , World Championship Wrestling .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 2,341 .
This had in turn followed another long-term association with local car dealer Ian Skelly , who had sponsored the club since 1984 .
Indian soldiers smuggled arms into India to overthrow British rule .
Her father and mother were Lee Eastman and Louise Sara Lindner Eastman , heiress to the Lindner Department Store fortune .
Young jackfruit has a mild flavor and distinctive texture . The cuisines of India , Nepal , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Indonesia , Cambodia , and Vietnam use cooked young jackfruit .
Once there , Eragon meets Oromis and his dragon Glaedr , the only dragon and Rider secretly alive besides the Eragon and Saphira and Galbatorix .
Labastide-Monr éjeau is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
At the end of each round , all bets are gathered into the central pot .
As a result , Candice suffered a legitimate cracked clavicle , and Phoenix retained the title .
At the age of ten , despite showing early promise as an artist , he started an apprenticeship at his uncle 's restaurant , Le Restaurant Français , in Nice .
Note that 1600 is the last year of the 16th century ; 1601 is the first year of the 17th century .
Johor is linked to Singapore via two road connections : the Johor-Singapore Causeway and the Malaysia-Singapore Second Link .
Karolina Bock was a good teacher , but unlike her own teacher , Sofia Lovisa Gråå , she was very strict and firm with her students , so much so that her students rebelled and had her deposed from her position as principal in 1856 .
To the north lie Namibia , Botswana and Zimbabwe ; to the east are Mozambique and Swaziland ; while Lesotho is an independent country wholly surrounded by South African territory .
Borat is not saddened by the tragedy ; he thanks the man who brings him this `` good news '' by giving him a high five and celebrates his newfound freedom by pursuing Pamela Anderson and eventually reunites with and marries Luenell , an American prostitute he met while filming his documentary .
Although Falconio 's body has never been found , Bradley John Murdoch was convicted of the murder on 13 December 2005 .
He currently coaches Japanese club Kashiwa Reysol .
The city is populated by people from different regions of Ethiopia - the country has as many as 80 nationalities speaking 80 languages and belonging to a wide variety of religious communities .
The Zing It features three modes : `` Vox Bop '' , `` Beat Bop '' , and `` Vox Bop Challenge '' .
This was probably the original meaning , though in Canada and other countries , `` Canuck '' refers to a Canadian . ''
In most modern universities , the BD is essentially equivalent to a Bachelor of Arts degree with a specialty in divinity .
Lookup tables are also used extensively to validate input values by matching against a list of valid items in an array and , in some programming languages , may include pointer functions to process the matching input .
Yale President Rick Levin characterized Yale 's institutional priorities : `` First , among the nation 's finest research universities , Yale is distinctively committed to excellence in undergraduate education .
Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan that comprises the Baltoro , Panmah , Biafo and Hispar glaciers and their tributary glaciers . The Central Karakoram National Park lies mostly in Skardu District of the Northern Areas , but also includes area within the Gilgit District .
The Wars of Scottish Independence were a series of military campaigns fought between the independent Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England in the late thirteenth and early fourteenth centuries .
Bright Eyes is an American band that consists of singer-songwriter/guitarist Conor Oberst , multi-instrumentalist/producer Mike Mogis , Nate Walcott , and a rotating lineup of collaborators drawn primarily from Omaha 's indie music scene .
This has been the case worldwide because of incidents like the Chernobyl disaster , but Australian concerns have also involved specific local factors such as controversy over the health effects of nuclear testing in Australia and the South Pacific , and the emergence of prominent anti-nuclear campaigner Helen Caldicott , who is a medical practitioner .
The 1994 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15 , 1994 in the eastern Pacific , and on June 1 , 1994 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1994 .
Such criticism became unthinkable after 1933 .
Newgrounds is an American website headquartered in Glenside , Pennsylvania , United States .
Although the movie set ratings records for Lifetime , the movie was not received well by critic Alec Harvey of The Birmingham News .
Warnings began to be issued on September 15 for Baja California .
He also grows longer horns , which now instead of protruding sideways from his skull curve sharply upwards into near right angles .
The many major historical sites have helped Gyeongju become one of the most popular tourist destinations in South Korea . The city of Gyeongju was united with the nearby rural Gyeongju County in 1995 and is now an urban - rural complex .
Insects are not currently protected by California law .
`` Gee '' was also awarded by Music Bank for being the best-selling song of the year .
In any event , as `` Nephthys of Ramesses-Meriamun , '' the goddess and her shrine were under the particular endorsement of Ramesses II .
He said that chromosomes were `` independent entities which retain their independence even in the resting nucleua ... What comes out of the nucleus is what goes into it '' .
As a result , Manchester City played their UEFA Cup first round qualifying match at Barnsley 's Oakwell Stadium .
Soggy biscuit , sometimes also called Cookies and Cream or Ookie Cookie is a purported male masturbation game which originated from the United Kingdom in which the participants stand around a biscuit masturbating until ejaculating on to it ; the last person to do so must eat the biscuit .
Doak was traded to the Brooklyn Robins in mid-1924 .
Mourenx is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The Moldova national football team is the national football team of Moldova under the auspice of the Football Association of Moldova .
Paul Steiner is a former German footballer , who played mainly as a central defender .
Satoshi Miyauchi is a former Japanese football player .
The Virginia State Police also has a strong presence in the town of Farmville .
George Everest opposed the name suggested by Waugh and told the Royal Geographical Society in 1857 that Everest could not be written in Hindi nor pronounced by `` the native of India '' . Waugh 's proposed name prevailed despite the objections , and in 1865 , the Royal Geographical Society officially adopted Mount Everest as the name for the highest mountain in the world .
There is a limit to how large a part can be cast in malleable iron , since it is made from white cast iron .
Salacgrīva is a town in Limbaži County , in the Vidzeme region of northern Latvia .
Gustav Mahler held the post from 1898 to 1901 , and under his baton the orchestra played abroad for the first time at the 1900 Paris World Exposition .
North Weald tube station is a former London Underground station in Essex , England .
The Company gained administrative rights over Bengal , Bihar , and Orissa in 1765 after the Battle of Buxar .
Seaca de Pădure is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,358 people .
Carson , a long-time smoker , died in 2005 of emphysema .
Their heights are half of the PSDs and only prevent people from falling onto the rails .
Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle , DL was a Scottish physician and writer , most noted for his stories about the detective Sherlock Holmes , which are generally considered a major innovation in the field of crime fiction , and for the adventures of Professor Challenger .
It has 150.71 criminal incidents per 1000 inhabitants , far higher than national average and even higher than the crime rate of the Seine-Saint-Denis department .
The Beyoncé Experience is the second concert tour by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles in support to her second solo album B ` Day .
Using the review as a platform from which to defend the then disreputable genre of the novel , Scott praised Austen 's works , celebrating her ability to copy `` from nature as she really exists in the common walks of life , and presenting to the correct and striking representation of that which is daily taking place around him '' .
After the grinding the state of the solid is changed : the grain size , the grain size disposition and the grain shape .
Villevocance is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
Hoffman was born in Los Angeles , California , the second and youngest son of Lillian and Harry Hoffman , a Russian-born father who worked as a prop supervisor/set decorator at Columbia Pictures before becoming a furniture salesman .
The movie stars J. D. Pardo as Eddie/Gwen , Mercedes Ruehl as her mother , and Avan Jogia as her brother , Danny .
He also worked with the composers Witold Lutosławski and György Kurtág , cultivating an interest in contemporary music .
She was a student of Professor G.A. Krasinski .
Chelonia currently redirects to Turtle , but Chelonia is the monotypic genus containing the Green Sea Turtle .
In actuality the Vézinas only had two children and Georges spoke broken English .
Sextus Empiricus , the main authority for Greek skepticism , developed the position further , incorporating aspects of empiricism into the basis for asserting knowledge .
He had one son with Betty Kern , and another son , Jonathan Shaw , with Doris Dowling .
It 's not long before the player realizes that a toy found buried in a park was made at one of Cruella de Vil 's toy factories ; this alludes to the fact that Cruella 's toy sales are down , which ultimately leads to the problem in the storyline .
Historically , the word vendetta has been used to mean a blood feud .
The storm had minor effects on the island of Bermuda as it passed to the south .
The final decision on the mission was planned to be taken on 28 January 2008 .
Distributed by Decca in the UK and Lost Highway in the US , it was released on 16 February 2009 in the UK and on 17 February 2009 in the US .
Boris Abramovich Gelfand is a Soviet and Israeli chess International Grandmaster , winner of the 2009 World Chess Cup .
Many towns such as Muar , Kota Tinggi and Segamat were seriously flooded with water levels as high as 10 f above ground level recorded in some areas .
McCammon is a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
This is even noticeable in packaged instant noodles , which are often sold in two different versions for east and west .
Gorton took it upon himself to say `` Well that is not a vote of confidence , so the party will have to elect a new leader '' .
Bobby Dodd compiled a 165-64-8 record as head coach at Georgia Tech .
Marciano was named fighter of the year by Ring Magazine three times .
Ferreux-Quincey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
These include the Nocturne , the Serenade for Tenor , Horn and Strings , the Canticles , the operas Peter Grimes and Albert Herring , The Beggar 's Opera , Owen Wingrave , Billy Budd , The Turn of the Screw , Death in Venice and the three Church Parables .
Starting with version 2.3 , Base offers report generation based on Pentaho software .
An `` amorphous solid '' is a solid in which there is no long-range order of the positions of the atoms . .
Lac de Vouglans was formed after the building of a hydro-electric dam .
Amalthea was photographed in 1979 and 1980 by the Voyager 1 and 2 spacecraft , and later , in more detail , by the Galileo orbiter in the 1990s .
Virtual Kasparov is a chess video game released by Titus Software for the PlayStation and Game Boy Advance .
It is defined as the area of a square whose sides measure exactly one metre .
A user interface is the system by which people interact with a machine .
In Catholic tradition , it is the burial site of its namesake Saint Peter , who was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus and , according to tradition , first Bishop of Rome and therefore first in the line of the papal succession .
The station is an interchange between the Central , Victoria and Bakerloo Lines .
Robion is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Spain finally recognized Mexico 's independence in 1821 .
He was survived by his wife , Edith , and his daughter , Sandra .
Ravel is perhaps known best for his orchestral work , Boléro , which he considered trivial and once described as `` a piece for orchestra without music . ''
Monterey is a city in Owen County , Kentucky , United States .
In Chapter VI of A Confession , Tolstoy quoted the final paragraph of Schopenhauer 's work .
Civrac-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Doughnuts are formed by joining the ends of a long , skinny piece of dough into a ring or by using a doughnut cutter , which simultaneously cuts the outside and inside shape , leaving a doughnut-shaped piece of dough and a doughnut hole from dough removed from the center .
She returned in the following serial Logopolis , in which the Fourth Doctor regenerated , and remained as a companion of the Fifth Doctor .
It was released June 27 , 2000 , on Big Rig Records , a subsidiary of Island Records , and Aquarius Records .
Adams County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
This attracted the attention of Olympic bronze medalist Toller Cranston .
She asks her younger brother Jamie to accompany her . He 's quiet , but most importantly , he has cash that he 's accumulated by betting on and cheating at card games with his best friend , Bruce Lansing .
Howard Duane Allman was an American lead guitarist , co-founder of the southern rock group The Allman Brothers Band , and respected session musician .
It is a term most often applied in the arts .
In Greek mythology , Pandora 's box is the large jar carried by Pandora that , when opened by her , unleashed many terrible things on mankind - ills , toils and sickness - and hope . Contrary to popular belief , in the original story , Pandora 's `` box '' was not actually a box at all , but rather a jar .
Today it is an internationally recognized symphony orchestra under the directorship of Yuri Temirkanov .
Kamrar is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
Here he was a member of the political students ' club , or German Burschenschaft , and in 1833 was arrested in Berlin by the Prussian government .
Shepreth is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire . Shepreth railway station is on the Great Northern Line , the main line between Cambridge and London .
Merrill is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States , along the Floyd River .
British Rail Class 418 was a class of electrical multiple unit commissioned by British Railways Southern Region .
A two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates , where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle θ .
Many white émigrés also believed it was their duty to remain active in combat against the Soviet dictatorship , with the hopes of liberating Russia .
Tourist love to visit Namli Maira because its green valley .
It has been databased by the Smith Herbarium Project at the National Museums Liverpool .
Camille Monet had become ill with tuberculosis in 1876 .
In that situation East Germany dominated the competition : they won 14 medals , including 11 golds , from 14 events .
For every 100 females there were 91.00 males .
Ma 's primary performance instrument is the cello nicknamed Petunia , built by Domenico Montagnana in 1733 .
It is the only living member of the genus Sciurillus and the subfamily Sciurillinae .
Non Governmental and Intergovernmental Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers .
Early symptoms include headache , a thick-feeling tongue , thirst , sweating , and vomiting .
Manerbe is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The organization and its founder , Muhammad Yunus , were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 ; the organisation 's Low-cost Housing Programme won a World Habitat Award in 1998 .
Their old priestess , Kaede , recognizes Kagome as the reincarnation of her sister Kikyo ; when the centipede demon returns , Kaede realizes that the Jewel of Four Souls has also been reborn in Kagome 's body .
Presidents serve two-and-a-half-year terms , normally divided between the two major political parties .
After signing with Reprise , the band went to work on recording its major label debut , Dookie .
For this he certainly made use of the observations and perhaps the mathematical techniques accumulated over centuries by the Chaldeans from Babylonia .
The narrator may be a servant of the old man 's or , as is more often assumed , his son .
In Brazil , it is also used to designate people from the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
The ` Nagami ' kumquat requires a hot summer , ranging from 25 C to 38 C , but can withstand frost down to about -10 without injury . They grow in the tea hills of Hunan , China , where the climate is too cold for other citrus fruits , even the Mikan orange .
The binary system uses only the digits `` 0 '' and `` 1 '' , while the octal system uses the digits from `` 0 '' through `` 7 '' .
It is one of only two London Boroughs to be designated a `` Royal Borough '' , the other being the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
Rudolf ` Rudi ' Vrba , born Walter Rosenberg was a Slovak-Canadian professor of pharmacology at the University of British Columbia .
Morocco , officially the Kingdom of Morocco , is a country located in North Africa . It has a population of nearly 32 million and an area just under 447000 k. Its capital is Rabat , and its largest city is Casablanca .
Tucker returned to the band in late 1970 , by which time Reed had left the group and Doug Yule had assumed leadership .
The Oxygen channel version of the show was hosted by Stephanie Miller until August 2001 .
British Honduras was officially renamed Belize in 1973 .
On 20 February 2007 , Encyclopædia Britannica , Inc. announced that it was working with mobile phone search company AskMeNow to launch a mobile encyclopedia .
Please do not replace Wikipedia pages with blank content .
The name ` Araluen ' is reputed to mean ` water lily ' or ` place of the water lilies ' in the local aboriginal dialect .
It faces a natural harbor protected by the Palisadoes , a long sand spit which connects Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island .
Some stand-alone stain removers also exist .
Parqués is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture .
It is not known what name the ancient Olmec used for themselves ; some later Mesoamerican accounts seem to refer to the ancient Olmec as `` Tamoanchan '' .
On April 13 , 2009 , when reigning champion Montel Vontavious Porter was drafted from SmackDown to Raw during the 2009 WWE Draft , the title became property of the Raw brand .
Harvey and Bob Weinstein continued to operate Miramax until they left the company on September 30 , 2005 .
The magazine has a readership of 225,000 people per issue , while the magazine 's website counts two million total readers .
Within the municipality there is one municipal district : Hato Damas .
These villages have many picturesque older buildings whereas Hassocks village center is primarily post WW2 .
Named after Prince Albert and Queen Victoria , it was founded in 1852 , and has since grown to now cover some 12.5 a and 145 galleries .
Hiram King Williams , better known as Hank Williams , was an American singer and songwriter and musician who has become an icon of country music and one of the most influential songwriters of the 20th century .
In 1849 Nathaniel Cook registered a chess set design , and Jaques of London obtained the manufacturing rights .
Delia 's Restaurant and Bar is a restaurant located in the Norwich & Peterborough Stand .
It is known by urban legend as being one of the most haunted cemeteries in the United States .
This made control awkward .
He used a mixture of cow urine and water .
Gutierrez is now a touring author and spoken word artist .
Masturbation is accepted as a healthy practice and safe method for sharing pleasure without some of the dangers that can accompany intercourse .
Originally , barcodes represented data in the widths and the spacings of parallel lines , and may be referred to as linear or 1D barcodes or symbologies .
As they leave , he locks all the bedroom doors to prevent the intruder from escaping .
The water moves up and then down slowly in a convection-like manner throughout a column of sand , and the sand remains a generally solid mass. .
He was born in Brooklyn , New York and has lived in Los Angeles , California since he was 2 years old .
Since the road was re-routed in the late 1990s an extension to the stand is less likely to raise planning objections .
Aster is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae .
Both the Doctor and the Master have been shown to be skilled hypnotists , although the Master 's capacity to dominate - even by stare and voice alone - has been shown to be far more pronounced .
Additional significant types of fandoms include comics fandom , sports fandom , music fandom , literature fandom , soap opera fandom , celebrity fandom , and video game fandom .
There was an important pearling industry from the 1860s until about 1970 when it collapsed in the face of competition from the plastics industry .
Jerusalem was captured by the Crusaders in 1099 , during the First Crusade .
On March 2 , 2007 , a report in The Chronicle of Higher Education commented `` the incident is clearly damaging to Wikipedia 's credibility - especially with professors who will now note that one of the site 's most visible academics has turned out to be a fraud . ''
So the theoretical key of D minor is usually practically notated by a key signature of C minor .
Hendrix was notorious among friends and bandmates for sometimes becoming angry and violent when he drank too much alcohol .
As one of the most popular children 's authors of all time , Geisel 's books have topped many bestseller lists , sold over 222 million copies , and been translated into more than 15 languages .
It is also designated Uranus XIV .
It is often seen as the predecessor of the western lute , distinguished primarily by its lack of frets .
The Oklahoma Panhandle is the extreme western region of the state of Oklahoma , comprising Cimarron County , Texas County , and Beaver County .
For example , though children on Ritalin and other psycho-stimulants become more obedient to parents and teachers , critics have noted that they can also develop abnormal movements such as tics , spasms and other involuntary movements This has not been shown to be directly related to the therapeutic use of stimulants , but to neuroleptics .
The program also disproved claims that some deterioration in the quality of the gunpowder would have prevented the explosion .
Stanley Lucas from Bude , Cornwall is a British supercentenarian who , at the age of , is the oldest living man in Europe since the death of Harry Patch on 25 July 2009 .
The members of the band label themselves as `` heroic folk metal . ''
Clinton is a city in Hickman County , Kentucky , United States .
England , as the host nation , qualified automatically for the tournament .
Peterhead F.C. are a football club based in Peterhead , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The redevelopment included the construction of a number of exhibition spaces which are used to house the permanent exhibitions The Mirror of the World : Books and Ideas and The Changing Face of Victoria as well as a display from the Pictures Collection in the Cowen Gallery .
A hand axe is a bifacial Stone tool of the Lower and Middle Paleolithic .
Gang is from the past participle of Old English gan `` to go '' .
On his resignation in 1867 , he was succeeded by Nikolai Zaremba .
Pope John Paul II beatified Fra Angelico on October 3 , 1982 and in 1984 declared him patron of Catholic artists .
From these semi-finalists , 20 were chosen to participate the show between October to December 2004 .
According to the village planning handbook issued by the city , the purpose of the village planning committees is to work with the city 's planning commission to ensure a balance of housing and employment in each village , concentrate development at identified village cores , and to promote the unique character and identity of the villages .
Isonoe belongs to the Carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 Gm and at an inclination of about 165 .
Finnix is a Debian based Live CD operating system , developed by Ryan Finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery , network monitoring and OS installation .
The record attendance of 38,010 was set in an FA Cup tie against Leeds United in 1975 , when standing was permitted around the ground .
It is the fifth and final installment in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and serves as the direct sequel toThe Battle of the Labyrinth .
According to tectonic theory , it is caused by the African Plate subducting under the Eurasian and Anatolian plates .
IV .
Jonathan Simon Woodgate is an English footballer , who plays as a defender for Tottenham Hotspur .
Many ADSL implementations also use ATM .
McEver also coached the University of North Carolina to a 1-7-1 record as interim coach in 1944 .
It was a substantial critical success , and won several BAFTA awards .
Parts of Kyūshū have a subtropical climate , particularly Miyazaki and Kagoshima prefectures .
Typically the divisions mark a scale to a precision of two significant figures , and the user estimates the third figure .
Soucy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Gao Shun was a commander known for his exceptional bravery and vigor in battle .
Hickman is a city in Fulton County , Kentucky , United States .
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 27 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
The Diomede Islands are located in the middle of the Bering Strait between mainland Alaska and Siberia , with the Chukchi Sea to the north and the Bering Sea to the south . 9.3 mi to the southeast is Fairway Rock , which is generally not considered part of the Diomede Islands .
Chennegy is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
Fife and drum blues is a rural derivation of traditional country blues .
Moreover , the city is home to the Institut International de Lancy and to the International University in Geneva , an accredited International University .
The Yorkshire pudding is a staple of the British Sunday lunch and in some cases is eaten as a separate course prior to the main meat dish . This was the traditional method of eating the pudding and is still common in parts of Yorkshire today .
The GCV family will be built around one or more common chassis .
Grobiņa is a town in western Latvia , eleven kilometers east of Liepāja .
Since 1953 , an average of one storm name has been retired for each season , though many seasons have had no storm names retired , and after the 2005 season , five names were retired .
Lorenzo Minotti is an Italian former football player in defender role .
The variations developed so far are the Standard , the 40 mm grenade launcher , the APR , and a derived anti-tank version .
Pirna is a city in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , capital of the administrative district Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge .
The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team based in San Diego , California .
Golden Earring was one of the first major European rock bands to tour the United States , in 1969 .
Novell Netware , starting with version 3 .
Accordingly , DVDs are labeled as either PAL or NTSC even though technically the discs do not have either PAL or NTSC composite color .
Other sports with significant support are swimming , athletics , golf , boxing , tennis and netball .
It appears on most of its official seals , including the Seal of the President of the United States .
Freital is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Irvine was the site of Scotland 's 12th century Military Capital and former headquarters of the Lord High Constable of Scotland , Hugh de Morville .
A new frontal ridge had formed on August 17 which caused the storm to drift in a westerly direction .
As of June 2003 , there is now an additional classification , that of a `` Metropolitan Division . ''
It is now reasonably well established that microbial life is plentiful at shallow depths in the Earth , up to 5 k below the surface , in the form of extremophile archaea , rather than the better-known eubacteria .
A date in a calendar is a reference to a particular day represented within a calendar system .
Germanicus Julius Caesar was a member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty of the early Roman Empire .
It was part of a small settlement with 500 inhabitants that existed for approximately 200 years .
Lodging is a type of residential accommodation .
Blind and naked at birth , they open their eyes after about eighteen days , and are nursed until they are one month old .
The Drivers ' Championship was won by Fernando Alonso of Renault F1 for the second year in a row , with Alonso becoming the youngest ever double world champion .
During the years from 1950 until 1991 , when the nearby large port of Vladivostok was closed to foreigners and foreign shipping , Nakhodka became the primary deep water port in the Russian Far East .
Masaaki Mori is a former Japanese football player .
The concept of ownership has existed for thousands of years and in all cultures .
Grundy Center is a city in Grundy County , Iowa , United States .
For the - d suffixes used in the legal field set a second parameter to d.
She contacted DiMaggio , who secured her release .
Pavel Černý is a former Czech football player .
She is a good player at the net .
Basil suffers from several plant pathogens that can ruin the crop and reduce yield .
In 1937 technetium became the first predominantly artificial element to be produced , hence its name .
Nunningen is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
It can read the thoughts and movements of other beings by sensing the Aura that they emit .
Altmarkkreis Salzwedel is a district in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
When Commodore John D. Sloat of the United States Navy sailed into Monterey Bay and began the military occupation of California by the United States .
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21 , 1993 to March 1 , 2005 .
The episode was well received by critics and it was the second highest rated show on the Fox network the week it aired .
Immediately above 39/F is 50/F , leading many who are not aware of tetraphobia to believe that some floors are missing .
Jhal Magsi district is in the center of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Clough 's frequent outspoken comments against football 's establishment eventually led to him falling out with the board of directors at the club , and Clough left in 1973 .
The 1992 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1992 in Albertville , France .
From 1949 until German Reunification in 1990 , Stralsund was part of the German Democratic Republic .
It was not published in Germany until the following year .
Cultural heritage is the legacy of physical artifacts and intangible attributes of a group or society that are inherited from past generations , maintained in the present and bestowed for the benefit of future generations .
Unique to Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga is the Bros. .
It can be reached by road from the A1 Motorway .
Although it is smaller than the Great Lakes of Ontario , Erie , Huron , Superior , or Michigan , Lake Champlain is a large body of fresh water .
In 2002 , the festival attempted a national move and held events in Sydney and Melbourne .
One can not apply for higher Degrees , and the requirements for each degree are not open to the public .
There are four loops , at Starr Gate , opposite the Pleasure Beach , Little Bispham and Fleetwood , and links to Rigby Road Depot .
Eurythmics were a British musical duo , formed in 1980 by Scottish front woman Annie Lennox and English musician Dave Stewart .
The modern party is the political arm of the wider British co-operative movement , with the requirement of being members of another co-operative enterprise a central tenet of membership .
Peter Benjamin Mandelson , Baron Mandelson , PC is a British Labor politician who is the current First Secretary of State , Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills , President of the Board of Trade and Lord President of the Council .
In DNA and RNA , cytosine is paired with guanine .
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the beginning of the fifteenth century , it was rumored that she had spoken to Joan of Arc .
As well as illustrating the books of others , including Roald Dahl , Blake has written numerous books of his own .
What has come to be known as the U Thant Crisis - the student-led protests over the shabby treatment of U Thant by the Ne Win government - was crushed by the Burmese government .
As a civilian , Ross worked for Victorian Railways until he retired in 1964 .
Pavlov is widely known for first describing the phenomenon of classical conditioning .
The number of search requests on Forestle.org continues to increase significantly : Within two months , it increased more than sixfold from about 4,000 per day on average in December 2008 to more than 24,000 per day in February 2009 .
Modern hardware stores typically sell equipment such as keys , locks , hinges , latches , corners , handles , wire , chains , plumbing supplies , tools , utensils , cutlery and machine parts , especially when they are made of metal .
A `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .
Gilbert claimed 341 lives , mostly in Mexico . Exact monetary damage figures are not available , but the total for all areas affected by Gilbert is estimated to be near $ 5.5 billion .
Lindi Ortega is a Canadian singer-songwriter and musician , known for her voice that has been described as a blend of Dolly Parton , Johnny Cash and Emmylou Harris .
His popularity spread throughout Europe as well and his poetry was translated during his lifetime into Italian , French , German , and other languages .
In Euclidean space , an object is convex if for every pair of points within the object , every point on the straight line segment that joins them is also within the object .
Frank Anthony Iero , Jr. is the rhythm guitarist and backup vocalist of the alternative rock band My Chemical Romance and the vocalist of the hardcore punk band Leathermouth .
In most countries , the RAV4 is the only compact SUV from Toyota .
It was the first time in Universal 's 26-year history that it had borrowed money for a production .
Transliteration is the letter-for-letter representation of text using another writing system .
Theme Hospital is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts in 1997 , in which the player designs and operates a hospital .
Butterfly gardening is a growing school of gardening , specifically wildlife gardening , that is aimed at creating an environment that attracts butterflies , as well as certain moths , such as those in the Hemaris genus .
Constable McIntyre threw his arms up . Lonigan drew his revolver and Ned shot him .
Many figures in Japanese myth were transmitted from China , including all of the Seven Lucky Gods except Ebisu .
Nicosia , known locally as Lefkosia , is the capital and largest city of Cyprus .
Edwards presented episodes of the Christian praise show Songs of Praise until 2007 .
Before leaving Iole gives Deianeira a necklace to thank her for looking after her the night before .
Bernt Kennet Andersson is a Swedish former football player and a key member of the Swedish national team that finished third in the 1994 World Cup .
Mufasa takes Simba around the Pride Lands , teaching him about the `` Circle of Life '' , the delicate balance affecting all living things . Simba 's uncle Scar , who desires the throne for himself , tells him about the elephant graveyard , a place where Mufasa has warned Simba not to go .
The most famous running of the bulls is that of the nine-day festival of San Fermín in Pamplona , although they are held in towns and villages across Spain , Portugal , and in some cities in Mexico and southern France , during the summer .
A United Nations official commented on the situation as follows : `` It 's a bad situation .
There are 19 middle schools in Gyeongju .
The American Football Conference champion New England Patriots win their first Super Bowl by defeating the National Football Conference champion St. Louis Rams , 20-17 , as kicker Adam Vinatieri made a game-winning 48-yard field goal as time expired . The Rams had been 14-point favorites to win the game , making the Patriots ' victory one of the biggest upsets in Super Bowl history .
Stigmas are dried quickly upon extraction and sealed in airtight containers .
It is 128 k long and has a watershed of 3990 k. With the Mogami River and the Kuma River , it is regarded as one of the three most rapid flows of Japan .
The storeship Justinian did not sail with the convict ships and arrived before them .
A trough is an elongated region of relatively low atmospheric pressure , often associated with fronts .
Barisal is a district in southern Bangladesh .
On March 22 , 1798 Aarau was declared the capital of the Helvetic Republic .
Eurasian pikas commonly live in family groups and share duties of gathering food and keeping watch .
3-1-1 is available in several major American cities , including : Akron Albuquerque Austin Baltimore Charlotte Chattanooga Chicago Columbus , Ohio Dallas Denver Detroit Hartford Houston Kansas City , Missouri Knoxville Las Vegas Laredo Little Rock Louisville Los Angeles Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Mobile Nashville New York City Orlando Pittsburgh Philadelphia Richmond , Virginia Riverside , California Rochester Sacramento San Antonio San Francisco San Jose Somerville , Massachusetts Springfield , Massachusetts Tampa and Washington , D.C. .
All the other boys look up to Kolya , especially Ilyusha .
It may be porphyritic containing larger crystals in a fine matrix , or vesicular , or frothy scoria .
From 1972-2000 , Cassioli 's design remained on the obverse with a custom design by the host city on the reverse .
Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed , but provides sporadic forest cover that can be grazed by animals .
This is a more recent taxonomy introduced by Schelte J. Bus and Richard P. Binzel in 2002 , based on the Small Main-Belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey of 1447 asteroids .
The British Transport Commission was created by Clement Attlee 's post-war Labor government as a part of its nationalisation program , to oversee railways , canals and road freight transport in Great Britain .
Later , the Sumerians used wild-growing saffron in their remedies and magical potions .
Bohuslav Martinů ; was a prolific Bohemian Czech composer , who wrote six symphonies , 15 operas , 14 ballet scores and a large body of orchestral , chamber , vocal and instrumental works .
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Limehouse station is a railway station located in the Limehouse district of east London . The station is in Travelcard Zone 2 and is served by Docklands Light Railway services and by National Rail services operated by c2c out of Fenchurch Street station .
Dry ginger ale quickly surpassed golden ginger ale in popularity , and today , golden ginger ale is an uncommon , and usually regional , drink .
In that game , Haynes led Langston to a 4-point win and was immediately invited to join the Globetrotters , and his long professional career began .
Ayubia National Park is located in NWFP , Pakistan .
It should be emphasized that there is no real difference in the genetic processes underlying artificial and natural selection , and that the concept of artificial selection was used by Charles Darwin as an illustration of the wider process of natural selection .
Any situation in which strong relationships can develop may trigger a conflict of interest .
The Railway Gazette title dates from July 1905 and it was renamed Railway Gazette International in October 1970 .
Compton 's by Britannica , first published in 2007 , incorporating the former Compton 's Encyclopedia , is aimed at 10-17 year olds and consists of 26 volumes and 11,000 pages .
The gardens were designed in the style of the Edo period and are a kaiyū - shiki or strolling garden .
The quartet disbanded in 1987 upon the death of Schidlof , who was regarded as irreplaceable by the surviving members .
Sérigné is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Arson was punished at common law as a felony in the eighteenth century . The destruction of an unoccupied building was not considered as arson , `` ince arson protected habitation , the burning of an unoccupied house did not constitute arson . ''
The new spa complex out of town is called Therme Bad Wörishofen .
The Campeonato Brasileiro da Série A is the highest division of Brazilian football .
Because of its large size and habit of sleeping in these burrows , it is able to conserve body heat throughout the night and minimize its basking period the morning after .
The city of Key West is the county seat of Monroe County , which consists of a section on the mainland which is almost entirely in Everglades National Park , and the Keys islands from Key Largo to the Dry Tortugas .
Older mothballs consisted primarily of naphthalene , but due to naphthalene 's flammability , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Most other arthropods have more than three pairs of legs .
Genet developed throat cancer and was found dead on April 15 , 1986 in a hotel room in Paris .
According to Greenson , the marriage between Miller and Monroe was strained ; he said that Miller appeared to genuinely care for Monroe and was willing to help her , but that Monroe rebuffed while also expressing resentment towards him for not doing more to help her .
Use class information in the Interface Descriptors .
Compared to general service incandescent lamps giving the same amount of visible light , CFLs use less power and have a longer rated life .
It is oriented especially at young people .
There are other templates that insert spaces , although none had allowed 50 spaces .
A parameter may be left empty , and will not add to the current row count ; in other words , the template tracks how may rows have been defined by the unnamed arguments to determine to apply the odd or even styling .
Annebault is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Maine Road was a large football stadium in Moss Side , Manchester , England .
A leaf blower is a gardening tool that propels air out of a nozzle to move yard debris such as leaves .
Sic is a Latin word meaning `` thus '' , `` so '' , `` as such '' , or `` in such a manner '' .
At the end of the series , Miroku no longer bears the Wind Tunnel , and marries Sango . They have three children : twin girls and a boy .
As with larger cakes , frosting and other cake decorations , such as sprinkles , are common on cupcakes .
Searing or cutting the flesh from the body was sometimes used as part of the public execution of traitors in medieval Europe .
The first and greatest period of the engraving was from about 1470 to 1530 , with such masters as Martin Schongauer , Albrecht Dürer , and Lucas van Leiden .
Georgie Fame also had a hit with this song in 1969 , his only songwriting credit to hit the British charts reaching number sixteen and spending 9 weeks on the chart .
Shortly after a concert tour , and the release of a live album and DVD in 2004 , Hajime announced that she would be taking time away from the music scene to get married , and have a child .
Fallen spent 43 weeks on the Billboard Top 10 ; was certified 7x Platinum in the United States ; and sold more than 15 million copies worldwide , including 7 million in the U.S. .
The station is on the Victoria Line and the London Overground Gospel Oak to Barking Line , in Travelcard Zone 3 and is the least used station on the Victoria Line with 6.179 million passengers per year .
During the mid 1990s , Hill was Michael Schumacher 's main rival for the Formula One Drivers ' Championship .
The National Hockey League Players ' Association or NHLPA is the labor union for the group of professional hockey players who are under Standard Player Contracts to the thirty member clubs in the National Hockey League located in the United States and Canada .
The Gunnedah area is noted for its abundance of native wildlife , including kangaroos , echidnas and koalas .
Performances of Démophon were favorably received at the Grand Opéra in 1788 .
Some cities in England , Wales and Northern Ireland have the further distinction of having a Lord Mayor rather than a simple Mayor - in Scotland , the equivalent is the Lord Provost .
On January 1 , 2000 Rhineland-Palatinate disbanded its three Regierungsbezirke Koblenz , Rheinhessen-Pfalz and Trier - the employees and assets of the three Bezirksregierungen were converted into three public authorities responsible for the whole state , each covering a part of the former responsibilities of the Bezirksregierung .
Lucmau is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In order to qualify , a lawyer usually has to serve as a barrister or solicitor for at least ten years .
Bonners Ferry is a city in and the county seat of Boundary County , Idaho , United States .
The Minar-e-Pakistan memorial tower which was built in 1968 on the site where the Lahore Resolution was passed .
Caumont-sur-Durance is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Marizy-Sainte-Genevi ève is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Please do not continue to remove content from articles without explanation .
He held a press conference there on 24 February , where he stated that he had chosen Suriname to complete his record , as the country had always fascinated him due to its richness and variety in cultures and ethnicities .
The reception to the teaming of Fey and Poehler was positive , with Rachel Sklar of the Chicago Tribune noting that the pairing `` has been a hilarious , pitch-perfect success as they play off each other with quick one-liners and deadpan delivery '' .
Rattan , used for furniture and baskets , is made from the stems of tropical vining palms .
Cyclones have also been seen on other planets outside of the Earth , such as Mars and Neptune .
They enlisted members in all 50 of the United States and in 27 countries .
Each round uses six 16-bit sub-keys , while the half-round uses four , a total of 52 for 8.5 rounds .
In nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey .
It resulted in the United States ' entry into World War II .
The trail remained intact until 1802 , when part of the Ulster and Delaware Turnpike was chartered over it `` for improving and making a road from the west line of the Town of Salisbury in the State of Connecticut to the Susquehannah River at or near the Town of Jericho '' .
Hand-painted signs in the parking area warn drivers that they are parking at their own risk .
The show 's presenter and executive producer , Yvette Fielding said in an interview that she believes it was a fake possession .
The state capital of Arizona is Phoenix .
The University of Notre Dame du Lac is a private Catholic research university located in Notre Dame , Indiana , USA , just north of the city of South Bend .
Judge John T. Alsap defeated James D. Monihon , 127 to 107 , to become the city 's first mayor .
The 28th Infantry was redesignated as the 9th Infantry Division in 1954 and was replaced by the 8th Infantry Division in 1956 .
From new they were painted in gray Railfreight Sector livery , instead of BR blue .
The CW had not performed as well at any time slot since America 's Next Top Model in March 2007 .
In 1958 , Mauritania was formed as an autonomous republic in the French Community , and in 1960 it became an independent country , with Nouakchott as its capital .
The butterflyfish are a group of conspicuous tropical marine fish of the family Chaetodontidae ; the bannerfish and coralfish are also included in this group .
Net income is equal to the income that a firm has after subtracting costs and expenses from the total revenue .
Celluloid is highly flammable and also easily decomposes , and is no longer widely used .
Other notable buildings include the nursing home , the Junction Hotel , Finn 's Building , the Victoria Hotel , the former Bank of NSW and the former CBC Bank .
The observatory is located on the Gold Coast , Queensland at Reedy Creek , Queensland , a suburb with post code 4228 and located at .
In the traditional taxonomy of facial hair , a goatee is a beard formed by a tuft of hair on the chin . The word probably originated from the tuft of hair seen on an adult goat .
The Council meets at least ten times per year and has the authority to decide on behalf of the full Assembly in some matters .
Artists ' brushes are usually given numbered sizes , although there is no exact standard for their physical dimensions .
After completing her medical internship , Jemison joined the staff of the Peace Corps and served as a Peace Corps Medical Officer from 1983 to 1985 responsible for the health of Peace Corps Volunteers serving in Liberia and Sierra Leone .
Shadow of the Colossus , released in Japan as , is a Japanese-developed action-adventure video game developed and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 .
Whilst ambulance cover in Scotland was originally provided by a combination of the British Red Cross and St Andrews Ambulance until 1974 , the Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Government .
Also , it is eliminated from the diet of patients having abdominal surgery and ulcers because of its irritating effect upon the intestines , being replaced by what is referred to as a bland diet .
Poughkeepsie is located in the Hudson River Valley midway between New York City and Albany .
The following match was for the WWF Tag Team Championship .
Angelo Domenghini is an Italian former footballer .
It was quite small , averaging 5.2 lbs in weight .
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets sea water .
The title is also used by Shia Muslims to refer to their first Imam , Ali ibn Abi Talib .
He became paralysed by a stroke in 1921 and never recovered , dying at Long Ashton near Bristol in England on July 23 , 1927 .
In 2005 , Fox released for DVD and Universal Media Disc , although this first premiered on television .
The British Rail Class 155 Super Sprinter is a diesel multiple unit .
His best known book , Being and Time , is considered to be one of the most important philosophical works of the 20th century .
Mohamed Kallon is a Sierra Leonean international footballer and the biggest and most famous footballer from Sierra Leone , who currently plays for his own football club , FC Kallon .
By April 2003 the website had over 113,000 members , and in 2004 the Concise Oxford Dictionary included the word `` bookcrossing '' .
The Rosenhan experiment was a famous experiment into the validity of psychiatric diagnosis conducted by psychologist David Rosenhan in 1973 .
Because of common crossbreeding in populated areas , many cats are simply identified as belonging to the homogeneous breeds of domestic longhair and domestic shorthair , depending on their type of fur .
He was born Edgar Poe in Boston , Massachusetts , on January 19 , 1809 , the second child of actress Elizabeth Arnold Hopkins Poe and actor David Poe , Jr. .
La Regenta is special for its great wealth of characters and secondary stories , while the main character 's description is left slightly unfocused and vague .
The Ford Mondeo is a large family car sold by the Ford Motor Company in various markets throughout the world . The name `` Mondeo '' derives from the Latin word mundus , meaning `` world '' .
For Rush , Lifeson plays electric and acoustic guitars as well as other stringed instruments such as mandola , mandolin , and bouzouki .
Xanthi is a city in Thrace , northeastern Greece .
Uludağ University is located in Bursa and is a prominent university in Turkey 's Marmara Region . It was founded in 1975 , first as the Bursa University , then re-named as the Uludağ University in 1982 .
Systems that treat all CPUs equally are called symmetric multiprocessing systems .
West Flanders is the westernmost province of the Flemish Region , also named Flanders , in Belgium .
The county seat is Bay Minette .
Russian is one of the six official languages of the United Nations .
After they announced their closure , store staff found lemons on the books .
In Gujarat the predominant religion is Hinduism , although Muslim kingdoms have left their influence in many parts of the province .
After only three years , following a coup d'etat , the borders of the former provinces were restored , though not their autonomous status .
The Governor of Shanxi is the highest ranking official in the People 's Government of Shanxi . However , in the province 's dual party-government governing system , the Governor has less power than the Shanxi Communist Party of China Provincial Committee Secretary , colloquially termed the `` Shanxi CPC Party Chief '' .
The standard author abbreviation is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name .
Bahawalpur is located in the southeast of Punjab province , the capital , Bahawalpur city , is 889 km from Karachi .
British Railways ' Type 4 `` Warship '' class diesel-hydraulic locomotives were introduced in 1958 .
The filling for pyrohy may be sweet and contain cottage cheese , or fruits like apple , plums or various berries .
As a singer-songwriter , he came to prominence in the 1960s , and entered the international music charts in the 1970s with songs such as `` If You Could Read My Mind '' , `` Sundown '' , `` Carefree Highway '' , `` Rainy Day People '' , and `` The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald '' .
Anita is a city in Cass County , Iowa , United States .
Donau-Ries is a district in Bavaria , Germany .
The moon did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as or Jupiter Satellite VI , although calls for a full name appeared shortly after its and Elara 's discovery ; A.C.D. Crommelin wrote in 1905 : Unfortunately the numeration of Jupiter 's satellites is now in precisely the same confusion as that of Saturn 's system was before the numbers were abandoned and names substituted .
They are Jews and Armenians .
Abu Mansur Muhammad Ibn Ahmad Daqiqi Balkhi , sometimes referred to as Daqiqi , was an early Persian poet from Tus in Iran or in Balkh , currently one of the cities of Afghanistan .
The narrator bids each Teletubby goodbye , and they disappear , but reappear a moment later saying `` Boo ! '' .
Foluwashola `` Shola '' Ameobi is a Nigerian-born English footballer , currently playing for Newcastle United as a forward .
Syphilis is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the spirochetal bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum .
In 1895 , Willem Mengelberg became chief conductor and remained in this position with the organization for fifty years , an unusually long tenure for a music director .
Soundgarden subsequently released Badmotorfinger in 1991 , Superunknown in 1994 , and Down on the Upside in 1996 .
When Jeff went for the pin , Vickie stopped referee Scott Armstrong from making a three count .
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although the title was not coined until after her death , Martha Washington is considered to be the first First Lady of the United States . During her lifetime , she was known as `` Lady Washington . ''
He became known in the late 1980s and 1990s , having appeared in several successful Hollywood films , including , The Untouchables , and When a Man Loves a Woman . More recently , he has starred in Ocean 's Eleven and its sequels , Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , and The Lost City .
The Nordiques played in the World Hockey Association and the National Hockey League .
On the other hand , it does n't allow one to set how many digits must be shown after the decimal dot .
This prompted a refutation later that year by Samuel Gardiner , who argued that Gerard had gone too far in trying to `` wipe away the reproach '' which the plot had exacted on generations of English Catholics .
After Vietnam , he attended Cornell University 's Weill Cornell Medical College .
Aroue-Ithorots-Olha ïby is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Archduke is a title distinct from Grand Duke , used in some other German royal houses and still in sovereign Luxemburg .
Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg , known universally as Paul von Hindenburg was a German field marshal , statesman , and politician , and served as the 2nd President of Germany from 1925 to 1934 .
Demosthenes grew interested in politics during his time as a logographer , and in 354 BC he gave his first public political speeches .
It takes its name from the Morava River which rises in the northwest of the region .
Before becoming a member of HammerFall , he was the guitarist in the band Highlander .
When deciduous tree woods are subjected to destructive distillation the products are methanol and charcoal .
Married couples are disproportionately represented in the upper two quintiles , compared to the general population of households .
The classification of crustaceans is currently being debated , and the Malacostraca are regarded by some authors as a class and by others as a subclass .
British Rail 's Class 01 diesel locomotives were a short wheelbase 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical design intended for use in areas with tight curves and limited clearance .
New Hope is a city in Madison County , Alabama , United States , and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area .
A grinding mill is a unit operation designed to break a solid material into smaller pieces .
On the Tube map , Paddington is shown as two separate stations , although it is one station with access to differing tube lines either side of the mainline platforms .
Filleted , battered and pan-fried plaice is popular hot or cold as an open sandwich topping together with remoulade sauce and lemon slices .
The four strokes refer to intake , compression , combustion , and exhaust strokes that occur during two crankshaft rotations per working cycle of the gasoline engine and diesel engine .
After being crushed in the Battle of Zappolino by the Modenese in 1325 , Bologna began to decay and asked the protection of the Pope at the beginning of the fourteenth century .
He had hoped to gain experience by managing in the Puerto Rican Winter League , but according to the New York Post , Commissioner Happy Chandler denied the request .
Khiprianwala Island is a small island located in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
This meant that Raw was live one week and taped the next .
All these tasks are carried out by local authorities operating together .
Raleigh is the capital city of the state of North Carolina , the seat of Wake County and the second largest city in North Carolina behind Charlotte . Raleigh is known as the `` City of Oaks '' for its many oak trees .
Moss also designed a charm in a necklace for Wallis in 2007 in aid of Cancer Research UK and said `` I am happy to give my support to help fund crucial research , as so many lives are affected by this terrible disease '' .
As of 2004 , the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 14,690 .
The PEP Stock were prototype electric multiple units used on British Rail 's Southern Region during the early 1970s .
The general consensus of ancient historians was that Claudius was murdered by poison possibly contained in mushrooms or on a feather and died in the early hours of 13 October , AD 54 .
All other possessive pronouns not ending in s do take an apostrophe : one 's ; everyone 's ; somebody 's , nobody else 's , etc. . With plural forms , the apostrophe follows the s , as with nouns : the others ' husbands .
Wild male yaks stand about tall at the shoulder and average ; the females weigh about one third of this .
The population of the city at the 1999 census was 70,850 inhabitants .
The county seat is Baia Mare .
Soon after the announcement of the lawsuit settlement , Jared and 30 Seconds To Mars told MTV News that their third album has had its release date pushed back from April 2009 to some time in September 2009 .
He was educated at Kilkenny College and attended Trinity College , Dublin , completing a Master 's degree in 1707 .
Weinberg recognized that this was because those later generations were the offspring of that selected group of earlier carriers that had successfully reproduced .
He also established many of the UN 's development and environmental agencies , funds and programs , including the UN Development Programme , the UN University , UNCTAD , United Nations Institute for Training and Research , and the UN Environmental Programme .
The Cardinals were founded in the American Association in 1882 as the St. Louis Brown Stockings , taking the name from an earlier National League team .
Azerbaijani is a language belonging to the Turkic language family , spoken in southwestern Asia , primarily in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran .
Main villages of the Taluka are : Bakrani , Arija , Goth Pathan , Farid abad , Gerilo , Mihrabpur , Bakhu Dero , Mad bahu .
The Rogers women where all buried on June 13 , 1989 after a funeral service at the Zion Lutheral Church in their hometown .
Instead , he has carved his mask at the bottom right hand corner .
The range extends approximately 40 mi east-west from the Hollywood Hills in Los Angeles to Point Mugu in Ventura County .
The Congo flows generally northwards from Kisangani just below the Boyoma falls , then gradually bends southwestwards , passing by Mbandaka , joining with the Ubangi River , and running into the Pool Malebo .
She was cared for by her younger sister .
Chubbuck is a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
The hybrid sport was envisioned in 1992 by cartoonist Enki Bilal , and chess boxing was featured in his graphic novel Froid Équateur .
After all the men had left ringside , it was time for the WWF Women 's Championship match between Wendi Richter , managed by singer Cyndi Lauper , and Leilani Kai , managed by former champion The Fabulous Moolah .
India and other countries objected to this language , citing social and religious customs and the prevalence of wild-growing cannabis plants that would make it difficult to enforce .
According to the Talmud , immediately after Abraham died , Jacob prepared a lentil stew as a traditional mourner 's meal for his father , Isaac .
The majority of then-existing oblasts were located on the periphery of the country or covered the areas where Cossacks lived .
Athletic Shoes , depending on the location and the actual type of footwear , may also be referred to as trainers , sandshoes , gym boots or joggers running shoes , runners or gutties , sneakers , tennis shoes , gym shoes , tennies , sports shoes , sneaks , or takkies and rubber shoes canvers .
For example , there were no separate organizations for boys and girls .
A paddle is a tool used for pushing against liquids , either as a form of propulsion in a boat or as an implement for mixing .
Wallins Creek is a city in Harlan County , Kentucky , United States .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 71.9 square miles , of which , 69.5 square miles of it is land and 2.5 square miles of it is water .
The area was originally inhabited by the Wiradjuri people .
The shift key is a modifier key on a keyboard , used to type capital letters and other alternate `` upper '' characters .
It should be noted that there is a difference between qin schools and qin societies .
Trungy is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
West returned to private practice in 1981 with the firm of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler and later worked as senior vice president for government relations of the Northrop Corporation until he became a member of the Clinton administration .
Avery County is a member of the regional High Country Council of Governments .
After the Berlin Wall was built in 1961 , the Opera was somewhat isolated , but still maintained a comprehensive repertoire that featured the classic and romantic period together with contemporary ballet and operas .
There are other higher and further education institutions in Oxford , including various independent `` colleges '' , not associated with the University . These include Oxford Brookes University ; Ruskin College , Oxford - an adult education college - which , although not part of the University of Oxford , has close links with it ; and the former Lady Spencer Churchill teaching college .
In psychology , theories of mental phenomena can propose discrete differences between individuals or a continuum .
Courmont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
La Bruère - sur-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
It is decorated with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing Dionysus surrounded by Ariadne and her procession of satyrs and maenads .
CBS News is the news division of American television and radio network CBS .
The district capital , Jhelum City , is situated on the right bank of the Jhelum River , crossed by a bridge .
Lisa Della Casa is a Swiss soprano who was famous for her interpretation of works by Mozart and Richard Strauss as well as for her great beauty .
They were , however , repeatedly subjected to severe persecution .
Ipoteşti is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
The Bombay Riots usually refers to the riots in Mumbai , in December 1992 and January 1993 , in which 900 people died .
Hans Georg Fritzsche was a senior German Nazi official , war criminal , ending the war as Ministerialdirektor at the Propagandaministerium .
Nicky Hofs is a Dutch football midfielder , who currently plays for Vitesse .
It reached the # 10 spot on the Oricon weekly charts .
Simba shows Nala around his home and the two begin to fall in love .
Eventually she escaped from the reformatory and for a time was homeless .
It is the more common of the two scripts currently used to write Malay .
In 1955 , Mailer , together with Ed Fancher and Dan Wolf , first published The Village Voice , which began as an arts and politics oriented weekly newspaper distributed in Greenwich Village .
If a section in the Document is Entitled `` Acknowledgements '' , `` Dedications '' , or `` History '' , the requirement to Preserve its Title will typically require changing the actual title .
The Panel is responsible for the IPCC and its endorsement of Reports allows it to ensure they meet IPCC standards .
According to Tanaka , Square put in Final Fantasy XI what they could not put in the first Final Fantasy titles due to technical limitations , thus making Final Fantasy XI the `` most Final Fantasy of all the installments '' .
Mordecai Ham was an American evangelist and temperance movement supporter .
In October 2000 , he defeated Garry Kasparov in a match played in London , and became the Classical World Chess Champion .
Alan Alda is an American actor , director and screenwriter .
The famous Adelong Falls , with its rich gold-mining past , is an ideal spot to have a leisurely picnic or to explore the unique surrounding area .
It received the temporary designation S/1989 N 1 .
He knew that the only testimony against them would come from a nine-year-old girl , and that King James had cautioned judges to examine carefully the evidence presented against accused witches , warning against credulity .
Used by .
Today is , and the current time is .
Brem-sur-Mer is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Consequently , in intentional activities , even non-existent objects can be constituted , and form part of the whole noema .
In mouse models of itch , the itch sensation is carried by neurons separate from those for pain .
In April 2006 , the IPCC released the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report or AR4 .
The new 737 Classic series featured CFM56 turbofan engines , which yielded significant gains in fuel economy and a reduction in noise , but also posed an engineering challenge given the low ground clearance of the 737 .
Juan Pablo Sorín is a former Argentine footballer .
The city was founded in 1768 by Mian Ghulam Shah Kalhoro upon the ruins of a Mauryan fishing village along the bank of the Indus known as Neroon Kot .
Danelectro is a manufacturer of musical instruments and accessories , specializing in rock instruments such as guitars , bass guitars , amplifiers and effects units .
Giovanni and Leporello arrive and hear a woman speaking of having been recently spurned and calling for revenge .
The most famous version is that of Claes Janszoon Visscher , which was published in 1609 on the occasion of the Twelve Years ' Truce .
The artist 's name at birth .
However , their coats are endowed with unusually stiff guard hairs that function similarly to the spines of a hedgehog ; this trait is the source of the common name , spiny mouse .
Elections take place every three years , with one-third of the judges retiring each time , in order to ensure continuity within the court .
There is evidence that research findings and the prescribing of drugs are influenced as a result .
She was the fashionable young daughter of his personal friend Sir Dinshaw Petit , of an elite Parsi family of Mumbai .
Undertaker attempted to chokeslam Orton , but Orton countered the maneuver with an RKO that led to a two-count .
The higher the tog rating the warmer the duvet .
When operating over UDP , the client sends a datagram to UDP port 37 .
In 1999 , Duke Nukem 3D was banned in Brazil , along with Quake , Doom and several other violent first-person shooters after a violent rampage in and around a movie theater was allegedly inspired by the first level in the game .
In the 18th century , the passenger pigeon in Europe was known to the French as tourtre ; but , in New France , the North American bird was called tourte .
After listening to this tape , Rattle hired Harding as an assistant to him at the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra for a year , from 1993-1994 .
Roman Čechmánek is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for HC Oceláři Třinec of the Czech Extraliga .
Uno is a card game played with a specially printed deck . The game was originally developed in 1971 by Merle Robbins , whose son was a social studies teacher at Reading Hilltop Elementary School in Reading , Ohio , a suburb of Cincinnati .
A key feature of RC5 is the use of data-dependent rotations ; one of the goals of RC5 was to prompt the study and evaluation of such operations as a cryptographic primitive .
Hurricane Dean was the strongest tropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
When the Reichstag convened in September 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in Papen 's government .
Buironfosse is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane , the capital of the state of Queensland .
The `` decision '' for apoptosis can come from the cell itself , from the surrounding tissue , or from a cell that is part of the immune system .
Users can interact with their Neopets by reading books to them , caring for them , and playing with them . They can train their Neopets to be fighters in the Battledome against other player 's Neopets or non-player character .
He became friendly with the animals of the mountain , and later , after catching Shutendouji , the terror of the region around Mount Ooe , he became a loyal follower of Minamoto no Yorimitsu under the new name .
Sorai rejected the moralism of Song Confucianism and instead looked to the ancient works .
The definition of organic matter varies upon the subject it is being used for .
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Usclades-et-Rieutord is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
Matchbox Twenty is a rock music band initiated in Orlando , Florida .
It was decreed by Gobind Singh that the Granth was to be considered the eternal guru of all Sikhs ; however , this tradition is not mentioned either in ` Guru Granth Sahib ' or in ` Dasam Granth ' .
She has been played by Pam St. Clement since 12 June 1986 , just over a year after the show first aired .
At the 2006 census , Ballan had a population of 1808 .
Martin Pierre Brodeur is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender from Montreal , Quebec , who has played his entire National Hockey League career with the New Jersey Devils .
A remarkable feature of these animals is the catch collagen that forms their body wall .
The large amount of rain during spring actually reduces the amount of fruit , but , in ideal conditions , carambola can produce from 200 to 400 pounds of fruit a year .
While some see `` in the likeness of sinful flesh '' as meaning merely that Jesus was externally just like any other human being .
Saint-R émy - de-Provence is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in southern France .
He was born William FitzMaurice in Dublin in Ireland , the first son of John FitzMaurice , who was the second surviving son of the 1st Earl of Kerry .
Shell Oil Company is the United States-based subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell , a multinational oil company of Anglo Dutch origins , which is amongst the largest oil companies in the world .
For a list of all actors who have played the Doctor see List of actors who have played the Doctor .
Thus , Cervantes ' continuing desire for Italy , as revealed in his later works , was in part a desire for a return to an earlier period of the Renaissance .
Langkawi is a duty-free island .
The standard language was created by Ivar Aasen during the 1800s to provide a Norwegian alternative to the Danish language which was commonly written in Norway at the time .
The last phase of his political career is considered a failure .
He also gave a list of grievances of the English people and stated that his proposed expedition was for the sole purpose of having `` a free and lawful Parliament assembled '' .
During the season , Robinson pursued potential major league interest .
Ostriches reared entirely by humans may not direct their courtship behavior at other Ostriches , but toward their human keepers .
The first proper European banknotes were issued by Stockholms Banco , a predecessor of the Bank of Sweden , in 1660 , although the bank ran out of coins to redeem its notes in 1664 and ceased operating in that year .
Guanine is one of the five main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA , the others being adenine , cytosine , thymine , and uracil .
The White-Tailed Starfrontlet is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Jeff Lynne 's association with Harrison led to the 1988 formation of the Traveling Wilburys , a studio `` supergroup '' that included George Harrison , Tom Petty , Bob Dylan and Roy Orbison , and resulted in two albums , both co-produced by Lynne .
The first fossilized specimen of the species , though not recognized as such at the time , was a single arm bone found in Pliocene strata in the Kanapoi region of East Lake Turkana by a Harvard University research team in 1965 .
Rubercy is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Because of its early origin , it does not address some Christological issues defined in the later Nicene and other Christian Creeds .
Often the origins of these surnames is difficult to pinpoint , since the three cultures have common origins and heavy mutual influence .
This unusual situation where females may have greater fitness when they help rear siblings rather than producing offspring is often invoked to explain the multiple independent evolutions of eusociality within the haplodiploid group Hymenoptera - ants , bees and wasps .
Boiry-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The only preserved Dual form is ajīvatam ` both lived ' .
App Runner was also subject of an article by Lifehacker , saying `` App Runner would come in handy '' and `` there 's plenty of scripts and closed-source apps that this would be useful for '' .
He was also the father of the composer Francesca Caccini .
A major hurricane moved northward through the Gulf of Mexico .
The 1928 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
It is a simple group , meaning it does not have any normal subgroups except for the subgroup consisting only of the identity element , and M itself .
It 's not even half as good as Jill Sobule 's song ' I Kissed a Girl ' '' .
She is the author of numerous research papers , articles and books on Azerbaijani ancient and medieval history .
Magadino is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
This marked the beginning of what has become the longest spell in opposition for the Conservative Party since the 19th century , as well as the longest period of time in government ever for the Labor Party .
They may , furthermore , encircle their arms with a depiction of the circlet and the collar ; the former is shown either outside or on top of the latter . Knights and Dames Commanders and Companions may display the circlet , but not the collar , surrounding their arms .
Certain artistic traditions that originated in the Byzantine Empire , particularly in regard to icon painting and church architecture , are maintained in Greece , Bulgaria , Russia and other Eastern Orthodox countries to the present day .
In telecommunication and computer science , serial communication is the process of sending data one bit at a time , sequentially , over a communication channel or computer bus .
He studied the violin at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music , while managing to graduate from Bloomington High School North in 1984 , two years ahead of schedule .
Tapia is often credited as the first musician to play jazz on the ukulele .
Classical philology is the philology of the Greek , Latin and Sanskrit languages .
Near the end of the match , Shane locked Michaels in the sharpshooter , and Vince ordered the match to end .
It also contained the towns of Majitha and Jandiala Guru ; and 373 villages .
There are 25 nursing homes in the Harrisburg and southeastern Illinois area . Three are located within the city .
For about 12 hours , the ferry between Hatteras and Ocracoke was closed .
However , after the unconditional surrender , the Flensburg government was not recognized by the Allies and was dissolved when its members were captured by British forces on 23 May 1945 , at Flensburg .
Debian Package Maker will configure the source files for the user , compile them and then build a package using the target rules .
Its role is to promote and advance organ playing and choral music , and it offers musical education and training for organists and choral directors .
It would not be until 1878 that his work gained any recognition with Guardian Spirit of the Waters , and he published his first album of lithographs , titled Dans le Rêve , in 1879 .
Use this template for non-complex formulas as an alternative to using the `` math '' tag format '' / math -RRB- .
Savio Vega was first eliminated , meaning his tag team partner , Miguel Perez , had to leave too .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Appointed as Maderno 's successor in 1629 , he was to become regarded as the greatest architect and sculptor of the Baroque period .
The match started with both wrestlers countering each other 's moves for some time , until Swagger injured Matt 's left shoulder and then targeted it for the rest of the match .
La Fontaine-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
An analog signal uses some property of the medium to convey the signal 's information .
As well as these principal conductors , the orchestra has had several notable guest conductors , including Arturo Toscanini , who made a series of commercial recordings with the orchestra in Queen 's Hall from 1937 to 1939 , which were released by His Master 's Voice in the UK and RCA Victor in the US .
Through a miracle it was revealed which of the three was the True Cross .
In 1998 , it was estimated that approximately eight 100-millionths of one percent of elevator rides resulted in an anomaly , and the vast majority of these were minor things such as the doors failing to open .
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
The mating season begins in mid-March , peaks in mid-April to May , and extends into July .
On 3 October 1990 , West and East Germany were reunited , thus formally ending the existence of East Berlin .
The band is credited as one of the `` Big Four '' of thrash metal , along with Metallica , Anthrax and Megadeth .
Time should be given for input from multiple editors to allow improvements to be made .
Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising is a turn-based tactics video game for the Game Boy Advance . It was developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2003 .
These EMUs have a maximum commercial speed of 160 km/h .
In addition , nine charter schools and 31 private schools are located in the county .
Capablanca 's high blood pressure was not correctly diagnosed and treated until after the AVRO tournament , and caused him to lose his train of thought towards the end of playing sessions .
The 1991 Constitution of Romania is the fundamental law that establishes the structure of the government of Romania , the rights and obligations of the country 's citizens , and its mode of passing laws .
The Haiti national football team is the national team of Haiti and is controlled by the Fédération Haïtienne de Football .
Critics have credited Age of Empires for influencing real-time strategy games such as Rise of Nations , Empire Earth , and . was also influenced by the series : it utilized the Genie game engine , as Age of Empires and Age of Empires II : The Age of Kings had , and was considered by critics to be a very close replica to the games ; IGN began their review with the statement `` I love Age of Star Wars , I mean Star Empires .
Hesmond is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The full explanation of the tengwar was published in Appendix E of The Lord of the Rings in 1955 .
In the United States , the telegraph was developed by Samuel Morse and Alfred Vail .
He holds the records for both the first and second longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history .
Into this period also the falls the beginning of coal mining .
Kurwenal replies that only Isolde 's arrival can save Tristan , and the shepherd offers to keep watch and claims that he will pipe a joyful tune to mark the arrival of any ship .
Its name was changed to the Norwich & Peterborough Stand in the 90s due to a sponsorship deal with the Norwich & Peterborough building society .
The X-Men are a special ops team from The Xavier Institute , charged with protecting both humans and mutants and trying to prevent a war between the two .
Simple accounting is mentioned in the Christian Bible in the Book of Matthew , in the Parable of the Talents .
Its area is 1,140 km and its greatest depth is 64 m. The lake drains , from southwest to northeast , into the Baltic Sea through Södertälje kanal , Hammarbyslussen , Karl Johanslussen and Norrström .
In 1871 the area from the Kiso Three Rivers in the north to present-day Tsu became Anōtsu Prefecture , and the area south of that became Watarai Prefecture .
Dijon is home to Dijon FCO , a soccer team in Ligue 2 , the second-highest league in French football . Dijon is better known for its national professional league basketball club , JDA Dijon .
Alberto Gilardino , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Fiorentina .
Tawi river catchment is delinated by latitude 320 35 ' -330 5 ' N and longitude 740 35 ' - 750 45 ' E. The catchment area of the river up to Indian border is 2168 km , and falls within the districts of Jammu , Udhampur and a small part of Doda .
In 2003 , guqin music was proclaimed as one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO .
Today , it is a renowned Russian composition school whose graduates have included such notable composers as Pyotr Tchaikovsky , Sergei Prokofiev , Dmitri Shostakovich , Artur Kapp , and Rudolf Tobias .
Haitian painter Edouard Wah was born to a Chinese father and Haitian mother .
Moths have larger scales on their wings which makes them look more dense and fluffy .
They were accompanied by the Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Claudio Abbado .
Croydon is a major office area in the south east of England , being the largest outside of Central London .
The Great Seal was first used publicly in 1782 .
Hence it is possible to find numbers z and z , independent of μ , where Z lies in between with probability 1 α , a measure of how confident we want to be .
During the 1970s , The Liver Birds was the name of a popular British sitcom dealing with two young women in Liverpool , a play on the slang term `` bird '' meaning young woman .
More often than not , a run-in will result in a `` beat down '' in which the heel pummel the face until the script calls for the beating to stop , either from the heels ' satisfaction with their handiwork , a retaliatory run-in by one or more faces , or the entrance of one or more authority figures .
Raúl Tamudo i Montero is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for RCD Espanyol , as a striker .
Oliwa caused `` damage and several fatalities '' in Japan .
The Governor of California is the highest executive authority in the California state government , whose responsibilities include making annual `` State of the State '' addresses to the California State Legislature , submitting the budget , and ensuring that state laws are enforced .
Blasimon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The presence of the monuments at such a height indicates that the area has been inhabited for over 2000 years .
Although not the first vetoed , Boutros-Ghali was the only UN secretary-general not to be elected to a second term in office .
The Bescot Stadium , situated in Bescot , Walsall , England , is the home ground of Walsall Football Club .
The term Far East was popularized in the English language during the period of the British Empire as a blanket term for lands to the east of British India .
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
The following is a list of the 816 communes of the Aisne département in France .
Jeffrén Isaac Suárez Bermúdez , commonly known as Jeffrén or Jeffrén Suárez , is a Spanish winger currently playing for Spanish La Liga club Barcelona .
However , the color also serves a useful function , as humans have a higher light sensitivity to green than to any other color , allowing play for longer periods of time without eye strain .
Morley 's Plaine and Easie Introduction to Practicall Musicke remained popular for almost two hundred years after its author 's death , and remains an important reference for information about sixteenth century composition and performance .
The four Gospels included in the New Testament have little to say about Mary Magdalene .
Komodo dragons have long been great zoo attractions , where their size and reputation make them popular exhibits .
Ecclesiastical polity is the operational and governance structure of a church or Christian denomination .
For those actions , he received an honorary knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II in 2002 .
Michael 's son , Billy , was election agent for Éamon de Valera in 1918 in West Belfast but refused to follow de Valera into democratic and constitutional politics upon the formation of Fianna Fáil .
Cys-la-Commune is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In 1993 , Messing won praise for her acting in the pre-Broadway workshop production of Tony Kushner 's play .
It has pale pinkish feet , and a pale bill with a black tip .
Slang terms include `` helmet '' , `` nob '' , and `` bell end '' , and all refer to its distinctive shape .
Bump of Chicken is a rock group from Sakura , Chiba , Japan .
An argument can contain multiple cells , either separated on lines or on a single line ; cell-specific style arguments can also be applied .
After his death , the Canadiens retired his jersey number , the first time the team had done so for any player .
The station was opened near the now closed Lower Edmonton railway station as `` Edmonton Green '' on July 22 , 1872 by the Great Eastern Railway on its new more direct line from central London . It was renamed `` Lower Edmonton '' on July 1 , 1883 .
It has an area of and a population of 22,381 .
The 737-300 can be retrofitted with Aviation Partners Boeing winglets .
The town has three main streets : Mollison Street , Piper Street and High Street . Piper Street has the oldest streetscape of these main streets , and still has many of its original buildings .
After three years at the Old Vic , Olivier advised Gambon to gain experience in provincial rep. In 1967 , he left the NT for the Birmingham Repertory Company which was to give him his first crack at the title roles in Othello , Macbeth and Coriolanus .
The boys make friends .
Bidart is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Lake Vostok is an oligotrophic extreme environment , one that is supersaturated with oxygen , with oxygen levels 50 times higher than those typically found in ordinary freshwater lakes on Earth .
Around noon of December 17 , 1864 , Breckinridge 's men mounted their horses and rode towards Marion .
With a mass of 1.0243 kg , Neptune is an intermediate body between Earth and the larger gas giants : its mass is seventeen times that of the Earth but just 1/19th that of Jupiter .
The term may also be used for other animation connected to Japan or to anime proper , irrespective of style . The word comes from Japanese アニメ anime , meaning `` animation '' in general , and is typically pronounced or in English .
He was the main leader of the Ottoman Empire in both Balkan Wars and World War I.
These machines also accept major credit and debit cards : some newer machines accept cards only .
In theological discussions , the practice is sometimes referred to as paedobaptism or pedobaptism from the Greek pais meaning `` child . ''
The Who 's 1971 song Baba O'Riley was named in part after Meher Baba and on his first solo album , Who Came First , Townshend recorded the Jim Reeves song , `` There 's A Heartache Following Me '' , saying that it was Meher Baba 's favorite song .
Except on the west coast , where the white sandy beach is more extensive than elsewhere , a strip of dark gray coral rubble , forming a series of low ridges parallel to the coast , lies within the narrow beach , extending inward to the island rim .
A scroll compressor , also known as scroll pump and scroll vacuum pump , uses two interleaved spiral-like vanes to pump or compress fluids such as liquids and gases .
The weapon is usually used to entangle the animal 's legs , but when thrown with enough force might even inflict damage .
Aleister Crowley was an English occultist and writer . In 1904 , Crowley claimed to have received The Book of the Law from an entity named Aiwass , which was to serve as the foundation of the religious and philosophical system he called Thelema .
The Assistant Secretary is third in the order of succession for the office of Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
The latter , located in the middle portion of the Talamanca Range approximately 30 km northeast from the city of San Isidro del General , protects a number of important ecosystems on the Costa Rican Pacific slope .
Denton True `` Cy '' Young was an American baseball player who pitched for five different major league teams from 1890 to 1911 .
Venom are an English heavy metal band , formed in 1979 in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
This section also covers the post-privatisation period , as the broad numbering and classification arrangements have not altered since the break-up of BR .
Finally , in 1881 parts of Granville County , Franklin County , and Warren County were combined to form Vance County .
Bautista tried out at the WCW Power Plant but was told he would never make it in the wrestling business by Sgt. Buddy Lee Parker .
From 1957 to 1964 , Robinson was the vice president for personnel at Chock full o'Nuts ; he was the first black person to serve as vice president of a major American corporation .
Full scale development of the IMSAI 8080 was put into action , and by October 1975 an ad was placed in Popular Electronics , receiving positive reactions .
The million is sometimes used in the English language as a metaphor for a very large number , as in `` Never in a million years '' and `` You 're one in a million '' , or a hyperbole , as in `` I 've walked a million miles '' .
Cameron 's wife Noble also starred in the film series , playing Hattie Durham .
The Cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of Cynicism .
A subgroup may contain up to 20 list items .
In 2004 , he appeared in five films , including Wes Anderson 's quirky comedy The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou ; the British gangster flick Layer Cake ; theatrical drama Being Julia ; and CGI action fantasy Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow .
Cape Range runs down the spine of the peninsula and Ningaloo Reef runs along the western edge .
In Europe anti-Semitism intensified , as several authorities promulgated laws requiring Jews to wear identifying yellow badges , Jews were massacred in England , and the Talmud was attacked and censored by the Catholic Church .
The NightRider is a bus service in Melbourne , Australia .
County councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .
He proposed the order Rhynchocephalia for the tuatara and its fossil relatives . Now , most authors prefer to use the more exclusive order name of Sphenodontia for the tuatara and its closest living relatives .
As evidenced by the cartoon series , when a Snork becomes excited their tube makes a `` snork '' sound .
Patroclus orbits in Jupiter 's trailing Lagrangian point , in an orbit called the ` Trojan node ' after one of the sides in the legendary Trojan War .
Bottle caps were originally designed to be pressed over and around the top of a glass bottle to grab a small flange on the bottleneck .
M -RRB- Train is a former operator of half of Melbourne 's suburban railway network .
Thomas was the elder son and heir of Thomas Wedgwood II and Mary Leigh of Burslem .
Oryx Douala is a football club from Douala , Cameroon , that achieved most of its success in the 1960s .
She was born in King 's Lynn , England , on 13 June 1752 , to musical historian Dr Charles Burney and Mrs Esther Sleepe Burney .
The battle was also unique in the fact that white soldiers were the minority in both forces .
Polgar and her two younger sisters , Grandmaster Judit and International Master Sofia , were part of an educational experiment carried out by their father László Polgár , who sought to prove that children could make exceptional achievements if trained in a specialist subject from a very early age .
In America wire rope was later manufactured by John A. Roebling , forming the basis for his success in suspension bridge building .
Rice and lentils are also cooked together in khichdi , a popular Indian dish ; a similar dish , kushari , is made in Egypt and considered one of two national dishes .
She also won a Halloween Costume Contest on October 30 and defeated Jillian Hall in a $ 1,000 match on November 12 .
La Roque-Alric is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The festival was held in New Orleans , which was recovering from Hurricane Katrina .
Trams run from Starr Gate in the south to Fleetwood in the north .
Each category is color-coded to provide a quick indication of the type of group/performer , e.g. solo artist , orchestra , etc. .
Any male Bahá ' í , 21 years or older , is eligible to be elected to the Universal House of Justice ; all other positions are open to male and female Bahá ' ís .
Representation usually refers to representative democracies , where elected officials nominally speak for their constituents in the legislature .
Like other members of the Kuiper belt , Pluto is composed primarily of rock and ice and is relatively small : approximately a fifth the mass of the Earth 's Moon and a third its volume .
It is situated on the Piazza di Santa Croce , about 800 metres south east of the Duomo .
As the Disney movie is `` inspired by '' rather than `` based on '' the Kipling stories , the character King Louie does not appear in Rudyard Kipling 's original book , as orangutans are not native to India .
He considered returning to medicine , perhaps moving with his wife , Maeve to Africa .
The Red Cross reported that 400 people died , but this was disputed by Mexican officials .
Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi is a hard-line Iraqi-Iranian politician and Shia cleric . Hashemi Shahroudi was the leader of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , which has caused objections to his serving as the head of Iran 's Judiciary System upon his appointment to the post .
It never refers , for instance , to the culturally Western nations of Australia and New Zealand , which lie even farther to the east of Europe than East Asia itself .
The hypothalamus controls body temperature , hunger , thirst , fatigue , and circadian cycles .
Interphase is therefore not part of mitosis .
The New Testament includes letters written by Paul to churches , such as those in Thessalonica and Corinth , during the years 50-62 , see also Seven Churches of Asia .
Porto defeated Celtic 3-2 in an exciting final decided by a goal in extra time .
The wooden bridge , dating from the Middle Ages , across the Aar was destroyed by floods three times in thirty years , and was replaced with a steel suspension bridge in 1851 .
Beaufort County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Bruno Brun was a Yugoslavian clarinetist and professor at the Academy of Music in Belgrade .
The small size and rather primitive attributes have led some experts to propose excluding H. habilis from the genus Homo , and renaming as `` Australopithecus habilis '' .
However , as with any form of exercise , improper execution and the failure to take appropriate precautions can result in injury .
Studies in the 1990s at Boxgrove , in which a butcher attempted to cut up a carcass with a hand axe , revealed that the hand axe was perfect for getting at the bone marrow , which is high in protein and vitamins and thus was highly prized as a food source .
It dissolves in water to give intense purple solutions , the evaporation of which gives prismatic purplish-black glistening crystals .
According to the myth , Apollo saw through the fraud , and angrily cast the crow , cup , and snake , into the sky .
They were very similar in appearance to the Class 21 diesel-electrics .
This limit was relaxed in the major re-organization of the 15th edition ; many articles were condensed together , resulting in roughly 65,000 articles in 12 volumes .
Braine-le-Ch âteau is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
In July 1960 Carstens entered government service as a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
At The War to Settle the Score , which aired on February 18 , 1985 , Leilani Kai , accompanied by Moolah , defeated Richter , again accompanied by Lauper , to win the Women 's Championship .
Koop was a somewhat eccentric and flamboyant figure , well-known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .
On February 26 WWE issued a press release announcing Friday Night SmackDowns move to MyNetworkTV .
Like Mother , Mother 3 has only a loose connection to EarthBound , starring new characters , though it does include several returning characters . A collection of Mother and EarthBound was released in Japan under the title Mother 1 + 2 .
Timpani heads are sized based on the size of the head , not the size of the timpani bowl . For example , a 23 '' Timpani may require a 25 '' timpani head .
The United States Department of Homeland Security is a Cabinet department of the United States federal government with the primary responsibilities of protecting the territory of the U.S. from terrorist attacks and responding to natural disasters .
Equatorial Guinea is bordered by Cameroon on the north , Gabon on the south and east , and the Gulf of Guinea on the west , where the island nation of São Tomé and Príncipe is located between Bioko and Annobón .
La Boissière - des-Landes is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The sport is now known as Japanese Kickboxing and most recently Low-kick Rules Kickboxing and International Rules Kickboxing to differ from other combat sports that also adopted the name of `` Kickboxing '' .
Chastre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
The Precursors send Jak and Daxter to the Dark Maker Ship to slow it down while the planetary defense system charges .
Kinetic theory explains macroscopic properties of gases , such as pressure , temperature , or volume , by considering their molecular composition and motion .
According to one account , Ardashir and Artabanus fought in close combat on horseback .
Around the same time , J. B. S. Haldane suggested that the Earth 's pre-biotic oceans - very different from their modern counterparts - would have formed a `` hot dilute soup '' in which organic compounds could have formed .
The eighteenth Dynasty contained some of Egypt 's most famous Pharaohs including Ahmose I , Hatshepsut , Thutmose III , Amenhotep III , Akhenaten and Tutankhamun .
It was initially thought that the dark region might be a lake of a fluid or at least tar-like substance , but it is now clear that Huygens landed on the dark region , and that it is solid without any indication of liquids .
The band toured the United States and later supported the Pixies , Foo Fighters and Snow Patrol .
Gears of War sold over three million copies in just ten weeks and was the fastest-selling video game of 2006 , and was the second-most played game over Xbox Live during .
The Canadian Arctic Archipelago , also known as just the Arctic Archipelago , is an archipelago north of the Canadian mainland in the Arctic .
Quincy is named for Colonel John Quincy , maternal grandfather of Abigail Adams and after whom John Quincy Adams was also named .
This form of the Apostles ' Creed can be found incorporated into the Eucharistic and Baptismal Liturgies in the Hymnal and in The United Methodist Book of Worship , and hence it is growing in popularity and use .
A person who was born on February 29 may be called a `` leapling '' .
A sheave is a wheel or roller with a groove along its edge for holding a belt , rope or cable .
In 1965 , Joyce took over the fledgling Tim Horton Donut Shop on Ottawa Street North in Hamilton .
With numerous companies producing lollipops , the candy now comes in dozens of flavors and many different shapes .
He served in the United States House of Representatives from March 4 , 1799 , to June 7 , 1800 , and , under President John Adams , was Secretary of State from June 6 , 1800 , to March 4 , 1801 .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones within its area of responsibility .
Büsserach is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Kirkus Reviews called A Real Basket Case `` A tense , exciting debut . ''
Minerals are naturally occurring solids formed through various geological processes under high pressures .
Kim Dae-Eui is a South Korean football player who plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings as a winger and attacker .
Route 80 is one of the two entrances to the Baccalieu Trail , Route 100 and Route 81 lead to the Marine Atlantic Ferry Service in Argentia and other parts of Placentia and St. Mary 's Bays , and Route 1 , the Trans Canada leads towards the second entrance to the Baccalieu Trail and the capital city of St. John 's .
A banquet is a large public open-air meal or feast , complete with main courses and desserts .
Cold Mountain is the namesake of a historical fiction novel by Charles Frazier , and its film adaptation ; both are set in the time of the American Civil War .
Moscow developed into a stable and prosperous principality , known as Grand Duchy of Moscow , for many years and attracted a large number of refugees from across Russia .
In 2004 , the book was sold to Miramax Books for enough money for Riordan to quit his job to focus on writing .
Several plants were named after Freyja , such as Freyja 's tears and Freyja 's hair , but during the process of Christianization , the name of the goddess was replaced with that of the Virgin Mary .
Tomoyuki Kajino is a former Japanese football player .
After becoming an extratropical cyclone , local National Weather Service offices issued flood watches for portions of South Carolina , much of eastern North Carolina , southeastern Virginia , and southeastern Maryland .
Schmallenberg has a lot of hiking trails adding up to approximately 2,500 kilometres , leading through forests , across mountains and through valleys .
The Street Fighter II games were followed by several sub-series of Street Fighter games and spinoffs which includes Street Fighter Alpha , Street Fighter EX , Street Fighter III , Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo and Capcom s Vs. series .
Mossman used to have the cleanest water in Australia , free from chlorine and fluoride and came straight from the Mossman gorge .
An early mention in literature was Ludvig Holberg 's comedy Erasmus Montanus .
Melville Island was first visited by the British explorer Sir William Parry in 1819 .
Chest pain due to ischemia of the heart muscle is termed angina pectoris .
Another new friend comes in the form of Miss Margaret Larner , who he later discovers to be the `` torch '' who helped him to be born so many years ago , and with whom he has been strangely linked since that day .
While calling on Lady Catherine , Mr. Darcy encounters Elizabeth .
The Führerbunker was located somewhat lower than the Vorbunker and west of it .
Nevele is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
GLaDOS continues to plead with Chell , but during the exchange one of GLaDOS ' core spheres falls off ; Chell drops it in an incinerator .
SR 540 also runs along the entrance to Cypress Gardens .
Former Amon Amarth drummer Martin Lopez responded to a newspaper ad placed by Åkerfeldt and joined Opeth in 1997 .
The guqin is nearly always used a solo instrument , as its quietness of tone means that it can not compete with the sounds of most other instruments or an ensemble .
In February 2006 , Miller Publishing sold the magazine for less than US$ 5 million to a San Francisco-based company called the McEvoy Group LLC , which was also the owner of Chronicle Books .
Chapelle-Vallon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
I. A tropical storm made landfall in northeast Florida on June 10 .
Chatsworth is a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
Dominating passenger air transport in the 1960s , and remaining common throughout the 1970s , the 707 is generally credited with ushering in the Jet Age .
The event was held on March 29 , 1987 at the Pontiac Silverdome in Pontiac , Michigan .
On January 31 , 2007 Michael Dell returned to the company as CEO .
Van der Sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with Holloway when she began convulsively shaking , then became unresponsive .
In the Nibelungenlied , Siegfried 's sword is called Balmung ; in Richard Wagner 's Ring Cycle , it is called Nothung .
This crystal oscillator creates a signal with very precise frequency , so that quartz clocks are at least an order of magnitude more accurate than good mechanical clocks .
For one of his side projects , Chris Thile knew he wanted to form a string quintet composed of mandolin , violin , banjo , guitar , and bass with childhood friend and fiddler Gabe Witcher , but did n't know which direction he wanted to take the band .
In contrast to it , the naginata blade is shorter , wider and more curved to the tip .
A new project called Ultamatix , compatible with Ubuntu 9.04 , is based on Automatix .
At 70 k long , it is the longest glacier in the Karakoram and second-longest in the world 's non-polar areas .
Miles & More members may earn miles on Lufthansa flights and Star Alliance partner flights , as well as through Lufthansa credit cards , and purchases made through the Lufthansa shops .
Two weeks later a French envoy continued to foment the revolutionary opinions of the city .
The rail network consists of about 32,000 km of route , of which 1,800 km is high-speed line and 14,500 km electrified .
Fort Yukon is the hometown of Alaska Congressman Don Young . It is served by Fort Yukon Airport .
In 1387 Bishop Adhémar Fabry granted the town its great charter , the basis of its communal self-government , which every bishop on his accession was expected to confirm .
Merchandise sales are often a part of `` the gate . ''
Delhi is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
Do not add it if the link currently leads to the equivalent of a stub entry , or just a bare placeholder .
The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar , represented by the symbol S$ or the abbreviation SGD .
After the Treaty of Trianon , Hungary lost - despite its serious Hungarian majority - Kassa and Miskolc became the sole regional center of northern Hungary .
Tina Carlyle was absent , but reporter Peggy Brandt had become the main female character .
TSV Schwieberdingen plays its home matches in the Felsenberg-Arena .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 2003 ; Isidore and Lili .
Jacobabad has the reputation of being one of the hottest places in the world from April until September .
Pines are mostly monoecious , having the male and female cones on the same tree , though a few species are sub-dioecious with individuals predominantly , but not wholly , single-sex .
Percy and Annabeth become a couple , and after their second kiss , Clarisse La Rue and all their other surviving friends dunk them in the lake , where they share an underwater kiss .
The series starred Lynda Carter as Wonder Woman .
Exponentiation is a mathematical operation , written an , involving two numbers , the base a and the exponent n. When n is a positive integer , exponentiation corresponds to repeated multiplication :
From this marriage several children were born , but only one son , Afonso Henriques survived .
This is the history of World Wrestling Entertainment , a sports entertainment company dealing primarily in the professional wrestling industry .
For the next several weeks , Kozlov was interviewed on WWE programming , proclaiming his love for `` Double Double E '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` I could beat both of them . ''
After the grouping of 1923 under the Railways Act 1921 there were four large railway companies , each dominating its own geographic area : the Great Western Railway , the London , Midland and Scottish Railway , the London and North Eastern Railway and the Southern Railway .
Friedrich `` Fritz '' Herkenrath is a former football goalkeeper for Germany at the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Rabbits , being prey animals , tend to be exploratory in new spaces and when confronted with a threat , they tend to freeze and observe .
Baccara was a female vocal duo formed in 1977 by Spanish artists Mayte Mateos and María Mendiola .
Casals first traveled to Puerto Rico in 1955 , inaugurating the annual Casals Festival the next year . On August 3 , 1957 , at 80 , Casals married 20 year old Marta Montañez .
Palin became the first female governor of Alaska and the youngest person ever elected governor of that state .
This search is particularly flagrant in the portraits : more than the precision of the traits represented , the artist seeks to represent the character of his/her subject .
Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation .
The landing is to occur on a runway at Vandenberg Air Force Base with Edwards Air Force Base as the alternate site .
Sainte-Foy-la-Longue is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Terry ended up victorious with his second individual immunity win in a row .
The film revolves around newlyweds Carl and Molly Peterson .
Although Evangelista TorricelliThe Invention of the BarometerHistory of the BarometerEvangelista Torricelli , The Invention of the Barometer is universally credited with inventing the barometer in 1643 , two other noteworthy efforts must be cited .
The Landgraves of Hesse once used the Fürstenlager near Bensheim-Auerbach as a spa . It is an artistic combination of simple buildings clustered like a village around the Good Well in the middle of a picturesque landscaped park .
This category is for works of fiction by J. R. R. Tolkien published in book form .
Ibadis agree with Sunnis in approving of Abu Bakr and Umar ibn al-Khattab , whom they regard as the two rightly-guided Caliphs .
The Master is Mr J. P. Edwards ; the Deputy Master is Mr D. Bratt .
Smog is a kind of air pollution ; the word `` smog '' is a portmanteau of smoke and fog .
She is the 2007 World Champion , the 2004 & 2005 Japanese National Champion and the 2004 World Junior Champion .
Introduced and designed by on December 24 , 2008 .
Maxwell Scherrer Cabelino Andrade , commonly known as Maxwell , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Spanish La Liga club Barcelona .
Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that deals with crimes , their detection , criminals and their motives .
In the Reward Challenge , the heavy scaffolding proved stress for the survivors , but the worn out team of Caryn , Gregg , Janu , and Tom won a Palauan feast .
The title was retired in April 2000 after Vince Russo and Eric Bischoff rebooted WCW .
There was also HQ located in North Ward , Townsville .
Since then they have changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse , Mika and The Thrills The Kooks .
The resorts on the north side of the main Rhône river valley are popular , looking out southwards towards the Peninne Alps and still part of the southern slope of the Bernese Alps , such as the family-oriented resort of Crans-Montana .
Cink performed consistently on the Tour over the next few years , picking up another win at the 2000 MCI Classic .
He often receives letters of appreciation and support from prominent figures , such as Antonio Di Pietro , Fausto Bertinotti , Renzo Piano , and even Nobel Prize Winners .
BT Group plc is the privatised former state telecommunications operator in the United Kingdom .
Its average elevation is 250 m above sea level .
It is located close to Brading in the east of the island .
The districts are listed below in alphabetical order by division .
There is also the option of adding in two goals columns before the percentage by using and .
The Stratocaster has been used by many leading guitarists , and thus can be heard on many historic recordings . Along with the Gibson Les Paul , Gibson SG , and the Fender Telecaster , it is one of the most common and enduring models of electric guitar in the world .
After the announcement , on October 12 , 1995 , confirmation came from Dr. Geoffrey Marcy from San Francisco State University and Dr. Paul Butler from the University of California , Berkeley using the Hamilton Spectrograph at the Lick Observatory near San Jose in California .
Fabrizio Poletti is a former Italian footballer .
The John and Michael concerts both attracted crowds of over 20,000 people .
The British Rail Class 413 units were formed in 1982 by permanently coupling two Class 414 2Hap units together .
The stadium contains 21,600 seats , but due to the directors ' boxes , some sources place this figure at 22,000 .
A reservoir , Lake Powell , was created by the Glen Canyon Dam .
A further Doom game developed by id Software on their new id Tech 5 game engine , Doom 4 , was announced in May 2008 , although the game is not going to continue the story of Doom 3 .
On two occasions , the god of war Ares , impressed by Gabrielle 's new warrior skills , tries to recruit her to his side , but Gabrielle always resists .
Common types of matrices include : plates of metal , usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching ; stone , used for lithography ; blocks of wood for woodcuts , linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing .
As of 2008 , Maine has an estimated population of 1,321,504 , which is an increase of 6,520 , or 0.5 % , from the prior year and an increase of 46,582 , or 3.7 % , since the year 2000 .
The director of the KLI is its founder Lawrence M. Schoen , Ph.D.
Le Ribay is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Collins is a city in Story County , Iowa , United States .
Gobind Singh was the final guru in human form .
This post-apocalyptic novel brought critical acclaim , earning Kavan the Brian Aldiss Science Fiction Book of the Year award in 1967 , the year before Kavan 's death in 1968 .
Often a reward was offered for the return of such animals .
Cyber Sunday was the fifth and final Cyber Sunday professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Beginning at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam , women were allowed to compete in artistic gymnastics events as well .
Standards such as PKCS # 1 have been carefully designed to securely pad messages prior to RSA encryption .
Walter Smith , Gus MacPherson and Jim Jefferies have expressed their disapproval of the policy .
Like many Egyptian gods , the worship of Bes was exported overseas , and he , in particular , proved popular with the Phoenicians and the ancient Cypriots .
The capital was the city of Mahabad in northwestern Iran .
Most forms of albinism are the result of the biological inheritance of genetically recessive alleles passed from both parents of an individual , though some rare forms are inherited from only one parent . There are other genetic mutations which are proven to be associated with albinism .
Use as normal to fill in the relevant values .
The X-37 was originally designed to be carried into orbit in the space shuttle cargo bay , but underwent redesign for launch on a Delta IV or comparable rocket , when it was determined a shuttle flight would be uneconomical .
If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .
Cœuvres - et-Valsery is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hercules saves her from being sacrificed , while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure .
They associated chocolate with Xochiquetzal , the goddess of fertility , and often used chocolate beverages as sacred offerings .
He recalled Moses descending from Mount Sinai with God 's commandment , ` thou shalt not kill ' , and could n't kill the German .
Andrea was the first pre-season storm to develop since Tropical Storm Ana in April 2003 .
Clottes concludes that the `` dates fall into two groups , one centred around 27,000-26 ,000 BP and the other around 32,000-30 ,000 BP . ''
When the Prince Edward Viaduct was built in 1918 , its designer insisted on providing for twin decks below the roadway to allow for future rail traffic .
Empire of the Sun is an Australian electronic music duo which formed in 2006 .
19 Fortuna is one of the largest main belt asteroids .
She performed `` Holly Jolly Christmas '' for the `` Schools Out Christmas '' album , and sang `` Tossin & Turnin '' in the Oliver Beene episode `` Oliver & Others . ''
The CSU currently governs with the FDP . Before the 2008 elections in Bavaria , the CSU perennially achieved absolute majorities at the state level .
The replaced phrase is called the antecedent of the pronoun .
Custard is an important part of dessert recipes from many countries .
During battle , the runaways mainly fight in their street clothes and call each other by their given names .
The entry that lies in the i-th row and the j-th column of a matrix is typically referred to as the i , j , or th entry of the matrix .
For example , a series might be named `` Uw-vandalism '' containing , and .
Moe was the first voice Hank Azaria performed for the show .
The unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to produce a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle , producing a more or less sharp point .
The final toccata of La nativité , Dieu parmi nous , has become another favorite recital piece .
The sea is bounded by Corsica and Sardinia , Tuscany , Lazio , Campania , Basilicata , and Calabria , and Sicily .
Nawab Mohammad Bahawal Khan III signed the state 's first treaty with the British on 22 February 1833 , guaranteeing the independence of the Nawab .
In such an Avatara , Vishnu does not directly descend as do Rama or Krishna but instead enters the soul of a man with His form .
Judit Polgár is a Hungarian chess grandmaster .
Fontaine-le-Pin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
This is a list of diplomatic missions in Russia .
Castres is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In smaller processors , the names of these locations correspond directly to elements of a register file .
All other fields are optional and can be omitted as appropriate .
The word goose is the English name for a considerable number of birds , belonging to the family Anatidae .
Xerxes recognized Antiochus as his sovereign and received his sister Antiochia as his bride , who later assassinated him .
Since April 4 , 2007 , KAT-TUN has been hosting their own talk show , cartoon KAT-TUN every Wednesday .
Mt. Washington , on the other side of the river , has almost identical native flora and climate .
The phenomenon was demonstrated in a series of experiments performed by Justin Kruger and David Dunning , then both of Cornell University .
Conrad III of Wittelsbach was appointed the Archbishop of Salzburg in 1177 at the Diet of Venice , after the partisans of both Pope and Emperor were deposed .
Mega Man 2 , known in Japan as , is a platform game developed and published by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Thuringia borders on the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
For instance , web page caches and client-side network file system caches are typically read-only or write-through specifically to keep the network protocol simple and reliable .
Paramaribo is the capital and largest city of Suriname , located on banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District .
The Province of Siena is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
The WiiWare service was officially launched on March 25 , 2008 in Japan , on May 12 , 2008 in North America , and on May 20 , 2008 in the PAL/UK regions .
Daniel Aranzubia Aguado is a Spanish footballer currently playing for Deportivo de La Coruña , as a goalkeeper .
Nanga Parbat is the ninth highest mountain on Earth .
Mount Auburn is a city in Benton County , Iowa , United States .
Back at camp , the former La Mina tribe tried to convince Bruce and Danielle , the two outcasts of their alliance , to switch to the La Mina alliance .
Nuneaton is the largest town in the Borough of Nuneaton and Bedworth and in the English county of Warwickshire .
The World Meteorological Organization retired one name in the spring of 1990 : Hugo . It was replaced in the 1995 season by Humberto .
She competed in and won the Lexington Challenger event , defeating top seed Julie Coin of France in the final .
Constructed at Crewe Works in 1954 , the Duke , as it is popularly known , was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class locomotive number 46202 Princess Anne , which was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
Environments range from jungle terrain , to desert , to tundra , all of which are affected by a day-night cycle , except for interior levels which are artificially lit .
The sculpture took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie in which he said that he started his races not merely at the ` bang ' of the starting pistol , but at ` The B of the Bang ' .
According to associate producer Dave Gordon , `` This is the biggest production ever filmed in Canada .
Both the continental and oceanic crust `` float '' on the mantle .
Marshall was from the Commonwealth of Virginia and a leader of the Federalist Party .
Hugo Sánchez is married to Isabel Martín and has two children , a son and an older daughter from his previous marriage . His son , Hugo Sánchez Portugal was a football player and has played in UNAM Pumas like him .
Rommel also received Prussia 's highest medal , the Pour le Mérite , after fighting in the mountains of west Sloveniathe Battles of the Isonzo on the Soča front .
Christmas Island residents are represented in the House of Representatives through the Northern Territory Division of Lingiari and in the Senate by Northern Territory Senators .
In some countries such as the People 's Republic of China , Special English is increasingly popular for junior and intermediate English learners .
The player controls Cryptosporidium 137 , a member of the Furon race of aliens , who has come to Earth to harvest DNA from humans to continue the cloning process of his species .
China saw many art forms flourish , jade carving , bronzework , pottery , poetry , calligraphy , music , painting , drama , fiction , etc. .
At a board meeting in January 2004 , Geir Ivarsøy announced his wish to resign as a board member in Opera Software , though he remained active in the company even after that .
Emily Jordan Osment is an American teen actress and singer-songwriter .
After the loss of the post at Tayoan , the Dutch East India Company made several attempts to recapture it , and even formed an alliance with the Qing Empire to battle Koxinga 's fleet .
The graph of the n-hypercube 's edges is isomorphic to the Hasse diagram of the - simplex 's face lattice .
Other names for town square are civic center , city square , urban square , market square , public square , Platz , plaza , piazza , place , and `` maydan '' .
The fort held a prominent position and was located high above sea level with strategic views to the entrance of Port Jackson .
Morphogenesis , is the biological process that causes an organism to develop its shape .
A campaign , backed by Gordon Taylor , the chief executive of the Professional Footballers ' Association and former Bolton player , has started , aiming to get Nat Lofthouse knighted . Nat Lofthouse was an Inaugural Inductee into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002 .
Charon , discovered in 1978 at the United States Naval Observatory Flagstaff Station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet Pluto . Following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of Pluto , Charon may also be referred to as Pluto I. The New Horizons mission is scheduled to visit Charon and Pluto in July 2015 .
Originally , a vendetta was a blood feud between two families where kinsmen of the victim intended to avenge his or her death by killing either those responsible for the killing or some of their relatives .
The Indianapolis Colts are a professional American football team based in Indianapolis , Indiana .
A queue in British English refers to a line , usually of people , cars etc. , assembled in the order they arrived and waiting for some event or service .
Alan Mathison Turing , OBE , FRS , was an English mathematician , logician , cryptanalyst , and computer scientist .
Ambronay is a commune in the Ain department in the Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
A herd of 50,000 cattle belonging to a Spanish cattle baron drowned in the storm surge .
On , this includes `` Thomas O'Malley Cat '' on the and `` Ev ` rybody Wants to Be a Cat '' on the .
Porthmadog Football Club is a football team , playing in the Welsh Premier League .
Danni Boatwright became the sole survivor by defeating Stephenie LaGrossa by a vote of 6-1 .
Eight years after the release of `` Angels '' , in February 2005 British public voted it as the `` Best Single of the past Twenty Five Years '' at the 2005 BRIT Awards .
Latvia has been a NATO member since March 29 , 2004 .
It is also celebrated as Armistice Day or Remembrance Day in other parts of the world , falling on November 11 , the anniversary of the signing of the Armistice that ended World War I.
The Mongol Empire conquered a large part of Asia in the 13th century , an area extending from China to Europe .
Actress Lucy Lawless has been quoted in several interviews saying she would be interested in participating in a Xena film as well .
Generally three gods are envisaged as having separate powers and separate supreme beings or spheres of influence but working together .
The Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians is a party formed in 2002 by the PPP for the purpose of complying with electoral rules governing Pakistani parties .
When first opened , the stadium was the largest club ground in England and the second largest in the country after Wembley Stadium .
British Railways 10100 was an unusual experimental diesel locomotive known informally as The Fell Diesel Locomotive .
Hănţeşti is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
There were other Homo species , all of which are now extinct .
Its perihelion is at a quite similar longitude to those of Vesta and Ceres , though its ascending and descending nodes are opposite to the corresponding ones for those objects .
Each parameter has four levels : below basic , basic , intermediate , and proficient .
Oils , whether they be in the form of butter , egg yolks , vegetable oils or lard are much more viscous than water and evaporate freely at a much higher temperature than water .
After many years of planning , Ravenscraig will be ` regenerated ' and rebuilt by three equal shareholders : Wilson Bowden Developments Ltd , Scottish Enterprise and Corus . The project will be one of the largest regenerations in Europe , with 400 a being developed .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League .
Computer engineers usually have training in electronic engineering , software design and hardware-software integration instead of only software engineering or electronic engineering .
Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley some 12 kilometers from Locarno at the north end of the artificial Lake Vogorno , and 20 km from the border with Italy .
Over the years , it became one of the biggest attractions in Florida , known for its water ski shows , lush gardens , and Southern Belle models .
Antarctic krill is a species of krill found in the Antarctic waters of the Southern Ocean .
Chavigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The only time the dog can be shot is in a bonus round in Vs. Duck Hunt , the arcade version of the game .
The village is notable for being the location of what is now known as the Bakhshali manuscript ; this is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics .
Shueyville is a city in Johnson County , Iowa , United States .
Hershel Wayne Gober is a former government official and Vietnam War veteran .
Van der Sloot initially denied knowing Holloway 's name , but he then told the following story , with which Deepak Kalpoe , who was present , agreed : Van der Sloot related that they drove Holloway to the California Lighthouse area of Arashi Beach because Holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping Holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. .
The FBI was established in 1908 as the Bureau of Investigation . Its name was changed to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1935 .
Futurama : Bender 's Big Score is an Annie Award-winning direct-to-video film based on the animated series Futurama .
Butterworth and Vaughan Williams made several trips into the English countryside to collect folk songs , and both saw their compositions strongly influenced by what they heard .
The British Rail Class 12 is a diesel locomotive built primarily for shunting duties around London .
However , those who live elsewhere in East Africa also speak the official languages of their respective countries : English in Kenya , Portuguese in Mozambique , and French in Comoros .
As Josip Horvat said : His literary work from 1849 to the end of 1853 made Ante Starčević the most prolific and original Croatian writer along with Mirko Bogović .
Dognen is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
This template was designed especially for use as a block reason as readers frequently attempt to email us before they even read their IP address 's talk page .
The Blue Nile flows about 1400 k to Khartoum , where the Blue Nile and White Nile join to form the `` Nile proper '' .
Along with Pioneer 10 , Pioneer 11 , Voyager 2 , and the New Horizons , Voyager 1 is an interstellar probe .
These included being dismissed from teaching positions , being forbidden to exhibit or to sell their art , and in some cases being forbidden to produce art entirely .
Caps , or other types of headgear with eye-shades , have been a part of baseball uniforms from the beginning .
Such actions can include laws passed by the legislative branch , court decisions , or acts of the administration .
Domptin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Bishara addressed a rally of supporters in Nazareth via telephone in April 2007 .
In 1982 , he was recruited by successful businessman Rafik Hariri to help him manage and expand his massive business empire . Upon the end of Lebanon 's Civil War , Hariri became Lebanon 's Prime Minister .
Each of these names express a meaning and designate the same object .
The first storm formed on May 25 and the last storm dissipated on November 3 .
Kokomo is a city in and the county seat of Howard County , Indiana , United States , Indiana 's 13th largest city . It is the principal city of the Kokomo , Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area , which includes all of Howard and Tipton counties .
Each new county and district was divided into electoral divisions , known as wards in the districts .
Every time the measurements are repeated , there will be another value for the mean of the sample .
Release the mouse button to finish moving the page to its new location .
The `` secondary '' is designated S/2000 1 .
The Spanish and Portuguese colonies adopted the calendar later because of the slowness of communication .
Torcy-en-Valois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France in the area of Valois .
WrestleMania 2000 was the sixteenth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the World Wrestling Federation .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .
Parameter locname refers to containing the image name and coordinates of a particular map .
Insurance is defined as the equitable transfer of the risk of a loss , from one entity to another , in exchange for a premium , and can be thought of as a guaranteed and known small loss to prevent a large , possibly devastating loss .
Raffaello Sanzio da Urbino , better known simply as Raphael , was an Italian painter and architect of the High Renaissance , celebrated for the perfection and grace of his paintings and drawings .
He was Bundesgeschäftsführer of the national SPD from 1995 to 1998 , and after holding briefly the post of Minister of Transportation and Construction in the first cabinet of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , he was the first to hold the new post of SPD General Secretary from 1999 to 2002 , and thereafter became leader of the SPD fraction in the Bundestag .
The party 's leader is Nick Clegg .
The flowers of Jamun are fragrant and small , about 5 mm in diameter .
Furthermore , these bodies may expand , and under excessive expansion may undergo spontaneous splitting which preserves the same size and composition of lipids in the two progenies .
Property crimes include burglary , theft , motor vehicle theft , and arson .
Although most authors currently regard derealization and depersonalization as independent constructs , many do not want to separate derealization from depersonalization .
India census , Faizabad had a population of 144,924 .
Land that is more severely contaminated and has high concentrations of hazardous waste or pollution , such as a Superfund site , does not fall under the brownfield classification .
In Greek mythology , Lētṓ is a daughter of the Titans Coeus and Phoebe : .
Vernate is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Many NHL teams with a named captain select more than two alternate captains and rotate the `` A '' among these players throughout the season .
It was a municipio of the San Juan province before being elevated to the category of province .
Gatcombe Park is the private country home of Anne , Princess Royal , situated in England between the Gloucestershire villages of Minchinhampton and Avening , five miles south of Stroud and around six miles north of Highgrove House , the country residence of Prince Charles .
The Church wanted to end this lay investiture because of the potential corruption , not only from vacant sees but also from other practices such as simony .
Laroque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This meant that his father was never paid for his beautiful work , which was soon moved to Bamberg .
The county seat is the City of Miami .
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison , wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison , was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband 's one-month term in 1841 , but she never entered the White House .
LinuxLive USB Creator is a free software for Windows that allows users to create bootable Live USB systems for many Linux distributions .
As Booth moved about inside the blazing barn , Sergeant Boston Corbett shot him .
Duke is encouraged to kill defenseless , often bound women .
Le Parcq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Maillezais is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Households headed by single males are disproportionately found in the middle three quintles ; single females head households concentrated in the bottom three quintiles .
The DEC campus has been successively Digital , Compaq , and is now HP .
Use to define the team name and colors , to add the name and number of every player and to add the last player in the squad and close the template .
They also lost 81 % more abdominal fat .
The population was 705 at the 2000 census .
The only other Mario Kart game to feature the coin collecting of the original is Mario Kart : Super Circuit .
Dvorak classifications began on July 30 in response to an increase in vertical depth and organization of the convection .
Sudhirendar Sharma , a development analyst , claims the Bank has `` landed poor communities in a perpetual debt-trap '' , and that its ultimate benefit goes to the corporations that sell capital goods and infrastructure to the borrowers .
Officially the league was abolished by Philip II of Spain in 1568 , but it is still in use unofficially in parts of Latin America , with exact meaning varying in different countries .
Because the -900 retains the same exit configuration of the -800 , seating capacity is limited to 177 seats in two classes , or 189 in a single-class layout .
However , Locke fled to the Netherlands in 1683 , under strong suspicion of involvement in the Rye House Plot , although there is little evidence to suggest that he was directly involved in the scheme .
The Red Cross Society of China also stated that the disaster areas need tents , medical supplies , drinking water and food ; however it has recommended donating cash instead of other items , as it had not been possible to reach roads that were completely damaged or places that were blocked off by landslides .
Goat Rock is such a flat topped sea stack comprised by a block of resistant greywacke .
Hilary Erhard Duff is an American actress and recording artist .
Kóta Sugiyama is a Japanese football midfielder currently playing for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
This exposure led the Fox network to make her the co-star of the television sitcom , Ned & Stacey .
The Leak was to be released December 18 , 2007 , with the actual album being delayed until March 18 , 2008 , The release of The Leak in this format never came to fruition , but an official EP titled The Leak and containing five tracks was released digitally on December 25 , 2007 .
Touët - sur-Var is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south-eastern France .
These were the `` Metropolitano '' , with the teams affiliated directly to the AFA divided in two zones , and the `` Nacional '' , in whom some teams affiliated to the AFA were taking part and whom they classified under the first positions of the Metropolitano .
Despite Jerome 's reservations , the epistle is included as chapter 6 of the book of Baruch in the Old Testament of the Vulgate .
His 1950 paper on gene frequency clines is notable as the first application of a computer , the EDSAC , to biology .
It is one of the few remaining Post Mills still standing in the south-east .
In Majorca one can still visit the Carthusian monastery of Valldemossa , where she spent the winter of 1838-39 with Chopin and her children .
The FLDS Church is estimated to have 10,000 members residing in the sister cities of Hildale , Utah and Colorado City , Arizona ; Eldorado , Texas ; Westcliffe , Colorado ; Mancos , Colorado ; Creston and Bountiful , British Columbia ; and Pringle , South Dakota .
It was formed from the northern part of the French Occupation Zone , which included parts of Bavaria , the southern parts of the Prussian Rhine Province , parts of the Prussian Province of Nassau , and parts of Hesse-Darmstadt ; the new state was legally confirmed by referendum on 18 May 1947 .
Milan Nakonečný is Czech psychologist and historian .
The show also featured an interview with Razor Ramon .
Esteban Huertas López was a Colombian and later Panamanian military commander .
Many snails are herbivorous , though a few land species and many marine species are omnivores or predatory carnivores .
Certara is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Bibi-Khanym Mosque remains one of the city 's most famous landmarks .
The main transportation to the island is by boat or aircraft .
Alyson Lee Hannigan is an American actress .
Theodosius , also called Theodosius I and Theodosius the Great , was Roman Emperor from 379 to 395 .
The album produced three singles : `` Re-Education '' , `` Audience of One '' , and `` Savior '' .
She loved InuYasha 's father and was saddened that the young InuYasha was shunned for his half-demon status .
He was also active in improving health care and expanding clinics for veterans .
Eisenstein and his entourage spent considerable time with Charlie Chaplin , who recommended that Eisenstein meet with a sympathetic benefactor in the person of American socialist author Upton Sinclair .
Möriken - Wildegg is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The nation of Edom is known to have existed back to the 8th or 9th century BC , and the Bible dates it back several centuries further .
When initially put into service the locomotives were fitted with multi-unit working and steam heating boilers for passenger service .
An accurate theory of electromagnetism , known as classical electromagnetism , was developed by various physicists over the course of the 19th century , culminating in the work of James Clerk Maxwell , who unified the preceding developments into a single theory and discovered the electromagnetic nature of light .
Not all groundwater problems are caused by over-extraction . Pollutants released to the ground can work their way down into groundwater .
Fajardo is a small but popular city in Puerto Rico located in the east region of the island , bordering the Atlantic Ocean , north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo .
For many operating systems , devices are serviced as soon as the device 's interrupt handler is executed .
The most basic and traditional division within topology is point-set topology , which establishes the foundational aspects of topology and investigates concepts inherent to topological spaces ; algebraic topology , which generally tries to measure degrees of connectivity using algebraic constructs such as homotopy groups and homology ; and geometric topology , which primarily studies manifolds and their embeddings in other manifolds .
In 1971 , he initiated a political power struggle that led , with Soviet support , to his becoming the new leader , replacing Walter Ulbricht as First Secretary of the SED Central Committee and as chairman of the National Defense Council .
His rank of coxswain entitled him to immediately command his own boat and crew .
Oreye 56 .
During this time Thomas began to regenerate the castle for Catherine 's use , but only one room that he had built remains today .
Just as with the rest of the Arab world , Arabic-speaking Jews had different dialects depending on where they lived .
This template displays discharge measurement units used within various templates , automatically converting between metric/imperial values .
The territories , by contrast , are from a constitutional perspective directly subject to the Commonwealth government .
Volapük conventions took place in 1884 , 1887 and 1889 .
The Nazis used several public relations tactics to convince the general population of Germany not to smoke .
The river originates from Lulusar lake , nearly 48km from Naran Valley .
None of the individual contributors , system operators , developers , sponsors of Wikipedia nor anyone else connected to Wikipedia can take any responsibility for the results or consequences of any attempt to use or adopt any of the information presented on this web site .
Baduhennna is solely attested by Tacitus ' Annals where Tacitus records that a grove in Frisia was dedicated to her , and that near this grove 900 Roman prisoners were killed in 28 CE .
The effort at resolving these problems led to the development of quantum mechanics .
Thouarsais-Bouildroux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The following is the sample result of the found above .
Their most successful artists include Mnemic , Blind Guardian , Soilwork , In Flames , Meshuggah , Therion , Dimmu Borgir , Nile , Death , Behemoth , Sonata Arctica , Epica , Sonic Syndicate , Eluveitie , Wintersun , Amorphis and Nightwish .
Male Gray langur monkeys may attack females following male takeover , causing miscarriage .
Picciotto 's assumption of guitar duties allowed all four members of the band to jam together and write songs that way , where previously they had played songs largely as MacKaye had arranged them .
David Howell Evans , more widely known by his stage name , The Edge , is an English-Irish musician known best as the guitarist , keyboardist , and main backing vocalist for the Irish rock band U2 .
Those who post here in this fashion will also be subject to administrative sanction .
Chiburdanidze , like many of the top women players , is not too impressed with ` women 's chess ' in general and she prefers to play chess with men .
Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In the 21st century it also has a presence in Canada , Brazil , Argentina , Paraguay , and Peru .
The first is that two fingers on each hand are fused together - hence the name `` syndactylus '' , from the Ancient Greek sun - , `` united '' + daktulos `` finger '' .
John Paintsil is a Ghanaian international football player who is currently under contract to English Premier League club Fulham .
The total number of large industrial organizations is 319 , compared to 733 small industrial organizations .
Celebratory , community rituals are usually based on traditional community celebrations as recorded in folkloric collections by authors such as Marian McNeill , Kevin Danaher or John Gregorson Campbell .
For the second consecutive year , WrestleMania broke the record for the highest-grossing pay-per-view in WWE history , as well as for the Citrus Bowl , grossing US$ 5.85 million in ticket sales .
Takanobu Komiyama is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Kawasaki Frontale .
A few churches make no use of a liturgical calendar .
They announced the next day that they would be headlining the Honda Civic Tour in support of the album .
Louis Braille became blind at the age of 3 , when he accidentally poked himself in the eye with a stitching awl , one of his father 's workshop tools .
Aeneas had a year long affair with the Carthaginian queen Dido , who proposed that the Trojans settle in her land and that she and Aeneas reign jointly over their peoples .
Ciboure is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
For example , in a Hong Kong Newspaper , George Bush 's name is transliterated into two Chinese characters that sounds like `` Bou-s ū '' by using the characters that mean `` cloth '' and `` special '' .
While the band has been through several personnel changes , singer , guitarist , and songwriter Mikael Åkerfeldt has remained Opeth 's driving force since joining promptly after its inception .
Asperjoc is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
The Kura-Araxes culture or the Early trans-Caucasian culture , was a civilization that existed from 3400 B.C until about 2000 B.C. .
Laura Elizabeth Dern is an American actress , film director and producer .
Larissa lies on the river Pineios .
Deniz Gezmiş was a Marxist-Leninist and political activist in the Republic of Turkey in the late 1960s .
The National Osteoporosis Foundation says , `` Calcium plays an important role in building stronger , denser bones early in life and keeping bones strong and healthy later in life . ''
He also wrote books on other games of mental skill : Encyclopedia of Games and Das verständige Kartenspiel , both of which posed a problem in the mathematical analysis of card games ; Brettspiele der Völker , which includes 30 pages about Go and a section about a game he had invented in 1911 , Lasca ; and Das Bridgespiel .
He first turns M into an integer by using an agreed-upon reversible protocol known as a padding scheme .
Some historians believe that saffron first came to China with Mongol invaders by way of Persia .
The island now forms the Baker Island National Wildlife Refuge , which consists of all 405 a of the island and a surrounding 30500 a of submerged land . The National Wildlife Refuge is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as an insular area under the U.S. Department of the Interior .
At the 2000 census the population was 9,813 .
It was set on the island of Ko Tarutao in Thailand .
A diaphragm compressor is a variant of the conventional reciprocating compressor .
Harnett County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
Lawler is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
Wallace 's very public advocacy of spiritualism and his repeated defense of spiritualist mediums against allegations of fraud in the 1870s damaged his scientific reputation .
In contrast , organisms from moderate temperature or neutral pH environments may be termed mesophiles or neutrophiles .
For many of these groups , this is their biggest fund raising event of the year , and they include but are not limited to : local churches and Boy Scout Troops , Kiwanis Club of Pekin , Pekin Community High School JROTC Boosters , Pekin Community High School show choir `` Noteables '' , local firefighters , Pekin Lions Club , the Salvation Army , and United Way of Pekin .
Soon after escaping , Shade meets with a bat named Zephyr and is attacked by an owl .
Marillet is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
We are a band that incorporates bluegrass into our music .
British convicts were also sent to Canada and India .
Marenla is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Construction of the wind farm , which is budgeteted for # 600 million , is scheduled to start in early 2009 and expected to finish in 2011 .
He was a member of Les Six .
Only in southern France , Italy , and Spain , did significant cultivation endure .
But as archaeological sites dating to that time period are rare in Africa , palaeonthologist Curtis Marean analyzed information about the geologic formations , the sea currents , climate data and much more in order to pinpoint his research to destinations where it is most likely early modern man lived .
The Boston Red Sox are a member of the Major League Baseball 's American League Eastern Division .
Unlike revolutions in the West , the Xinhai Revolution did not restructure society .
The nature of Puerto Rico 's political relationship with the U.S. is the subject of ongoing debate in Puerto Rico , the United States Congress , and the United Nations .
His first service was from October 8 , 1811 to February 11 , 1814 , when he resigned to accept appointment as the United States Secretary of the Treasury .
The current duet started recording in late 2007 with Susi and Fiona , and released an album called Einfach tierisch in March 2008 .
Michelangelo was born on 6 March 1475 in Caprese near Arezzo , Tuscany .
Interstate 74 is an Interstate Highway in the Midwestern and Southeastern United States .
A sickly boy , he died in 1671 at only two years old , and Johann Georg I became the duke of Saxe-Eisenach .
Wikipedia is an encyclopedia , not a forum for advertising or self-promotion , or a vanity press .
The Metropolitan Museum of Art , known colloquially as The Met , is an art museum located on the eastern edge of Central Park , along what is known as Museum Mile in New York City , United States , North America .
Daxter was very well received by critics .
He lost only one match over the year , and posted straight pool runs of 100 or more in 24 out of the 250 exhibitions .
It rises in the mountainous district known as the Pireneus , west of the Federal District , but its western tributary , the Araguaia River , has its extreme southern headwaters on the slopes of the Serra dos Caiapós .
After he assumed command , Hannibal spent two years consolidating his holdings and completing the conquest of Hispania south of the Ebro .
The units were used on services in the West Midlands , Lincolnshire and Humberside .
An unusually strong F2 tornado was spawned from Cindy 's remnants and caused severe damage in Hampton , Georgia .
Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma was once the most important cause of blindness worldwide , but its role diminished from 15 % of blindness cases by trachoma in 1995 to 3.6 % in 2002 .
People are appointed to the Order rather than awarded it .
Jenna M. quit the game on day 9 to return home to her dying mother .
By November 2007 there was no further development .
An attempt at northern expansion was blocked by Britain during the War of 1812 .
It was re-released in 2004 as `` Chariot , '' which included all of the original `` Chariot '' content as well as a bonus disc .
The station is above ground and has two platforms - northbound and southbound .
D'Artagnan is not one of the musketeers of the title ; those are his friends Athos , Porthos , and Aramis ; inseparable friends who live by the motto `` all for one , one for all '' .
The next time you make a personal attack , you will be blocked for disruption .
Perhaps his most well-known verse anthem is This is the record of John , which sets an Advent text for solo countertenor or tenor , alternating with full chorus .
The lugworm or sandworm is a large marine worm of the phylum Annelida .
On that day , Gimnasia fielded : Scarpone , Di Giano and Delovo ; Rusciti , Santillán and Belli ; Curell , Varallo , Maleani , Díaz , and Morgada .
Kiyokumo made 32 appearances for the full Japan national football team from 1974 to 1979 .
During the witch-hunts the alleged witches were stripped to discover the so-called witches ' marks .
In 1833 the western end of Wilson 's grant was resumed and reserved for a future village and a similar area added to the eastern end in compensation .
Nix is to be visited along with Pluto by the New Horizons mission in 2015 .
It made Cromwell Lord Protector for life to undertake `` the chief magistracy and the administration of government '' . Cromwell was sworn in as Lord Protector on 16 December 1653 , with a ceremony in which he wore plain black clothing , rather than any monarchical regalia .
Riedern is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
On April 6 , 1994 , the airplane carrying Rwandan President Juvénal Habyarimana , and Cyprien Ntaryamira , the Hutu president of Burundi , was shot down as it prepared to land in Kigali .
Gish is the debut album by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins .
Charente is a department in southwestern France named after the Charente River .
Oklahoma City also hosts the Oklahoma City Lightning playing in the National Women 's Football Association , and Tulsa is the base for the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League and the Tulsa Revolution , which plays in the American Indoor Soccer League .
According to Shakoor Khan , an elder from Bakhshali who attended the jirga , `` Before the Taliban resorts to torching more schools , we have decided to resist them '' .
The inhabitants took their collections of ` souvenirs ' with them .
Year 2 was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar .
Instead of catching the inaugural train at Sydney , he had to catch it at Yass Junction , where it made a special stop .
Residents of Blanchard and nearby Dibble , Oklahoma are served by the weekly newspaper The Blanchard News . The radio station KOJK identifies Blanchard as its home , however , only the transmitter is located in Blanchard , while the operating offices are in Oklahoma City .
The Hunza-Nagar District is the seventh district of Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan .
The following year , the U.S. formally occupied its portion : a smaller group of eastern islands , one of which surrounds the noted harbor of Pago Pago .
Manchukuo 's government was abolished in 1945 after the defeat of Imperial Japan at the end of World War II . Manchus formed a minority in Manchukuo , whose largest ethnic group were Han Chinese .
Only the most difficult convicts were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur .
However some butterflies , like the skippers , may hold their wings either flat , or folded , or even in-between when perched .
Yuji Hironaga is a retired Japanese football player .
The other DNA strand is called the coding strand , because its sequence is the same as the newly created RNA transcript .
The theatrical version of the film was released in France on February 5 , 2003 , and released in the United States on February 14 , 2003 .
The song is featured as a re-recorded bonus track in the video game .
The declaration was later extended to exclude not only James and his heirs from the throne , but all Catholics , since `` it hath been found by experience that it is inconsistent with the safety and welfare of this Protestant kingdom to be governed by a papist prince '' .
Names are not male and female , and a daughter often bears her fathers name .
The Convention created the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg . The Court supervises compliance with the European Convention on Human Rights and thus functions as the highest European court for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
Noted as a strong defenceman who could contribute on offence , Bourdon represented Canada in three international tournaments , winning two gold medals at the IIHF World U20 Championship and a silver medal at the IIHF World U18 Championship .
Nancy Campbell Cartwright is an American film and television actress , comedian and voice artist .
Its founder , first director and chief conductor was Stevan Hristić , one of the most important Serbian composers and conductors .
Johnny Carson retired on May 22 , 1992 , and was replaced by Jay Leno amid controversy .
In the West , the adjective is not commonly added , but it does form part of an official title of two sees : as well as Rome , the Bishopric of Mainz , which was also of electoral and primatial rank , bears the title of `` the Holy See of Mainz '' .
Meanwhile , the depleted Spiders lost 134 games , the most in MLB history , before folding .
Whether the mixture of gases used in the Miller - Urey experiment truly reflects the atmospheric content of early Earth is a controversial topic .
The books were written by Stuart Hill from Leicester .
SHA stands for Secure Hash Algorithm .
Château - Guibert is a commune of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Compasses are usually made of metal , and consist of two parts connected by a hinge which can be adjusted .
If is a member of , we write .
The resulting refugee crisis led to the intervention by India , eventually leading to the surrender of the Pakistani Army .
Common names include carnation , pink and sweet william .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
The population was 96 at the 2000 census . The village is located within the Town of Couderay .
Jesselton was renamed Kota Kinabalu on September 30 , 1968 and received official city status from the Malaysian government on February 2 , 2000 .
Before Geronimo release her fifth studio album , she released I 'll Be Here as the fourth and final single of Taking Flight .
Irving encouraged the young Longfellow to pursue writing .
Oars have a flat blade at one end .
Ingrid developed on September 12 , as a tropical depression .
On July 9 on Raw , Kane was scheduled to face Mike Awesome and Lance Storm in a handicap match .
Some untrained dogs may help their owners , although there are also reports of dogs that have reacted aggressively or even died as a result of witnessing or anticipating their owner 's seizure .
Several research projects are currently experimentally growing in vitro meat , but no meat has yet been produced for public consumption . In vitro meat consists of natural meat cells and should be seen as a possible way of producing normal meat in a much healthier , safer and environmental way .
Rodersdorf is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , on the border to Alsace , France .
Barenboim made his opera conducting debut in 1973 with a performance of Mozart 's Don Giovanni at the Edinburgh Festival .
Artem Volodymyrovych Milevskiy , is a Ukrainian professional football striker of Belarusian descent , who currently plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premiere League .
Martinsburg was founded in 1778 by General Adam Stephen who named it in honor of Colonel Thomas Bryan Martin , a nephew of Thomas Fairfax , 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron .
Circumcision is the removal of the foreskin , either partially or completely .
Puget is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
At 115 and 125 km in diameter , Veritas and 92 Undina are the largest of the 300-strong Veritas family of asteroids .
He drives for Red Bull Racing .
In the usual case , this means that they must be chosen randomly .
The term Sturmabteilung predates the founding of the Nazi Party in 1919 .
In 2005 the Committee on the Safety of Medicines recommended that NRT be given to pregnant smokers and also to adolescent smokers .
Hannity was a co-host of Hannity & Colmes , an American political `` point-counterpoint '' - style television program on the Fox News Channel featuring Hannity and Alan Colmes as co-hosts .
Horim Museum is a museum in Seoul , South Korea .
The Light Railway Transport League was formed in 1937 , renamed the LRTA in 1979 .
To grow well , sunflowers need full sun .
It is located at the mouth of Tokyo Bay in the Miura Peninsula , and the city stretches across the peninsula to Sagami Bay .
In 1951 the Under School relocated to its own premises in Eccleston Square .
He currently plays for K-League side Pohang Steelers .
Castleford is a city in Twin Falls County , Idaho , United States .
Elections were held in 1965 , and Ayub Khan defeated Fatima Jinnah , sister of the founder of Pakistan , Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
Talsi is a town in Latvia .
`` Girlfriend '' is a single released by Billie in 1998 , from her debut album Honey to the B. It reached No. 1 in the UK , making her the youngest and first female solo singer to reach the top spot with her first two singles .
However , to be more specific this is a symbol of Christianity .
Wizard rock is a musical movement dating from 2002 that consists of at least 200 bands made up of young musicians , playing songs about Harry Potter .
Copy a blank version to use .
They often describe scattered disc objects as `` scattered Kuiper belt objects . ''
It is better to put information on your user page rather than in your signature .
Freire 's Sooty Barbthroat is intermediate between the Sooty and Bronze-tailed Barbthroats however , and thus its status needs to be clarified before the situation is resolved .
Salland is a historical region in the west and north of the present Dutch province of Overijssel .
Lex van den Berghe answered the question with Lindsey Richter 's name , who , unbeknownst to the producers , also had no piercings .
This sandbox is itself a template .
Vulcan agreed and married Venus .
Until 1976 the official name was Tokelau Islands .
Mont Blanc is one of the most visited tourist destinations in the world , and for this reason , it is threatened . Pro-Mont Blanc published in 2002 the book Le versant noir du mont Blanc , which exposes current and future problems in conserving the site .
Domingo Jonhy Vega Urzúa , commonly known as Américo , is a Chilean singer .
White was born in his grandfather 's vicarage at Selborne in Hampshire .
In Catholic folklore , Mary , the sister of Lazarus , is seen as the same as Mary Magdalene .
Aftershocks were felt through December .
In religion , the Sukhothai kingdom in Thailand adopted Buddhism as its official religion .
In some cultures , inner peace is considered a state of consciousness or enlightenment that may be cultivated by various forms of training , such as prayer , meditation , T ` ai Chi Ch ` uan or yoga , for example .
During the 10-11th centuries Lucca was the capital of the feudal margraviate of Tuscany , more or less independent but owing nominal allegiance to the Holy Roman Emperor .
He attended classes at Political Science Faculty of Ankara University , but graduated from the French Language department of Hacettepe University .
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for locomotives and multiple units operated by British Railways , and this page explains the principal systems .
More engine power was attained by fitting dual port heads and modifying fuel injection systems from VW Type 3 cars to work on the Type 1 Beetle engine .
This plan was in the form of an enormous Greek Cross with a dome inspired by that of the huge circular Roman temple , the Pantheon . The main difference between Bramante 's design and that of the Pantheon is that where the dome of the Pantheon is supported by a continuous wall , that of the new basilica was to be supported only on four large piers .
By agreement the family retained ownership of Oceania House , their home on the island .
In 1843 Robert Loughridge arrived in the area and established a mission , named `` Koweta '' .
Tamarind is a tree in the family Fabaceae .
Miller also noted that by portraying politicians with empathy , the show created a `` subversive competitor '' to the cynical views of politics in media .
The Malta national football team is the national football team of Malta and is controlled by the Malta Football Association .
The city 's main newspaper is the Tribune de Genève , with a readership of about 187,000 , a daily newspaper founded on 1 February 1879 by James T. Bates .
In the spring of 1949 , Robinson turned to Hall of Famer George Sisler , working as an advisor to the Dodgers , for batting help .
His mother came from a land-owning family in Lincolnshire .
For prose literacy , for example , a below basic level of literacy means that a person can look at a short piece of text to get a small piece of uncomplicated information ; while a person who is below basic in quantitative literacy would be able to do simple addition .
If your financially motivated edits would be non-neutral , do not post them .
When the area that is today Western Hungary was a province of the Roman Empire , a city called Scarbantia stood here .
Cowpox was the original vaccine of sorts for smallpox .
The 1956 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XVI Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in Melbourne , Australia , in 1956 , with the exception of the equestrian events , which could not be held in Australia due to quarantine regulations .
IX .
Halen 13 .
Mandurah is a city in Western Australia located approximately 72 k south of the state capital , Perth , Western Australia .
The threshold for inclusion in Wikipedia is verifiability , not truth .
He sought to do for African music what Johannes Brahms did for Hungarian music and Antonín Dvořák for Bohemian music .
Nor does it correspond to the many other ways of defining a year .
The Collapse template is used for placing collapse boxes around short discussions and bits of discussions .
Its average altitude is 170 meters above sea level .
Some critics asserted that the award affirms neoliberalism .
San Ignacio de Sabaneta , the main town is a beautiful and clean city , one of the nicest places of the Dominican Republic .
Eventually , they are collected into one-ball-wide bins at the bottom .
The episode deals with Bart 's troubles with the bully , Nelson Muntz .
His father , Jinnahbhai , was a prosperous Gujarati merchant who had moved to Sindh from Kathiawar , Gujarat before Jinnah 's birth .
Northumberland Park Depot is the service and storage area for trains on the Victoria Line of the London Underground , the only part of the line not in tunnel .
Phosphorus is the chemical element that has the symbol P and atomic number 15 .
It has a population of 22,000 , which includes villages south of the A38 .
He was a Storyboard Artist and Art Director for the Nickelodeon animated series Invader Zim .
The qiblah wall should , in a properly oriented mosque , be set perpendicular to a line leading to Mecca , the location of the Kaaba .
In Milan , an unarmed crowd of protestors marched toward the palace , which was surrounded by a strong military force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris .
Banbury 's Member of Parliament is Tony Baldry .
The N.A. Rimsky-Korsakov Saint Petersburg State Conservatory is a music school in Saint Petersburg .
His overseas box office appeal saved the domestic box office disappointment of Judge Dredd with a worldwide tally of $ 113 million .
Before that , writers only voted for the best pitcher and used a formula of one point per vote .
Even after the rapid expansion of Islam from the 7th century AD onwards through the Islamic conquests , many Christians chose not to convert to Islam and instead maintain their pre-existing beliefs .
Takayoshi Toda is a Japanese football player .
At the 2006 census the population of Gundagai was 1,998 .
Kápolnásnyék is a village in Fejér county , Hungary .
The XFL was a professional American football league that played for one season in 2001 .
Greater London is further divided into 32 London boroughs , each governed by a London Borough Council , and the City of London , which is governed by the City of London Corporation .
During their first season every home game was sold out , a new MLS record for average match attendance was set , and they sold the most season tickets in the league .
There are seven base units : Each of these base units represents , at least in principle , different kinds of physical quantities .
When AOL drastically scaled back its involvement with Mozilla Organization , the Mozilla Foundation was launched on July 15 , 2003 to ensure Mozilla could survive without Netscape .
Peter Brock Larry Perkins Holden VK Commodore 163 laps 6h 23m 13.6 s
Blackpool Transport Services is a bus and tram operator running within the boroughs of Blackpool and Fylde and into the surrounding area , including Fleetwood , Lytham St Annes , Poulton le Fylde and Kirkham , Preston .
In 1334 Giotto was appointed chief architect to Florence Cathedral , of which the Campanile bears his name , but was not completed to his design .
There is no revenue generation from this scheme , and the sewerage system in the city is a service provided to the residents .
It is suspected that many Trojan asteroids are in fact small planetesimals captured in the Lagrange point of Jupiter-Sun system during the outer migration of the giant planets , 3.9 billion years ago .
Emperor Chūai is considered by most historians to be a legendary figure , and the name Chūai Tennō was assigned to him posthumously by later generations .
The idea was looked into , but Network Rail own the necessary land and need it for their own expansion plans .
The story , written by Tom Junod , appeared in the September 2003 issue of Esquire magazine , and was later made into a film .
Azincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Prahova is a county of Romania , in the historical region Muntenia , with the capital city at Ploieşti .
The first European to reach the region may have been the Spaniard Alonso de Ojeda in 1499 .
Courcité is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It acts as a local station on the North Kent Line between London and Gillingham , served by Southeastern , and is the southern terminus of the Woolwich Arsenal branch of the Docklands Light Railway .
This color is usually called simply lime in order to distinguish it from the web color lime and web color lime green , shown below .
The Russians are thought to have begun logging the old-growth forests directly above the coastal prairie in the early 19th century .
Like the electric guitar , the electric bass guitar is plugged into an amplifier and speaker for live performances .
Barack Obama announced Vilsack 's selection to be the United States Secretary of Agriculture under his administration on December 17 , 2008 . Vilsack 's nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate by unanimous consent on January 20 , 2009 .
In algebraic notation the white pawns start on a2 , b2 , c2 ... , h2 , while the black pawns start on a7 , b7 , c7 ... , h7 .
Registers a new service on the network .
They had four children : S. Robson `` Rob '' Walton , John T. Walton , Jim Walton , and Alice Walton .
North Yorkshire was formed on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 , and covers most of the lands of the historic North Riding , as well as the northern half of the West Riding , the northern and eastern fringes of the East Riding of Yorkshire and the former county borough of York .
However Louis XIV , one of the great architects of baroque ballet , established the ballet school in 1661 as the Académie Royale de Danse .
This requires that the sum of kinetic energy and potential energy remain constant .
Gumby was created by Art Clokey while a student of Slavko Vorkapich at the University of Southern California . Clokey and his wife , Ruth , invented Gumby in the early 1950s at their Covina home shortly after Art finished film school at USC .
His other appearances were in the 2004 and 2007 IHWC , also with the Czech Republic team .
Only the first few hands will become fruits .
Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzi ères is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
There is no evidence that this verse was a part of Peter Dodds McCormick 's original work and its origin is uncertain .
Abubakari Yakubu is a Ghanaian football midfielder .
See List of operas by Piccinni .
As a poet , Heine made his debut with Gedichte in 1821 .
In 1882 , a meteorological station was constructed on the summit , though it is no longer in use .
In 1982 , voters approved merging Battle Creek Township with the city of Battle Creek , under pressure from Kellogg Company , which threatened to move its headquarters away from Battle Creek if the city and township did not merge . Battle Creek is currently the third-largest city in Michigan by area , after Detroit and Grand Rapids .
Marsais-Sainte-Rad égonde is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Manichaeism appears to have faded away after the 14th century in southern China .
Yesükhei 's clan was called Borjigin , and Hoelun was from the Olkhunut , the sub-lineage of the Onggirat tribe .
Railway Gazette was previously part of Reed Business Information until 1 April 2007 .
La Bastide-des-Jourdans is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Charley drifted southwest on September 25 and then moved northeast and accelerated . Charley weakened on September 26 as it moved into cooler waters .
The disease can last initially from 10-20 days and can rebreak when the dog is put into a stressful situation which puts stress on the dog 's immune system .
While the Conservative government of the day would have preferred not to create a single body covering the whole of London , their electoral pact with Liberal Unionists led them to this policy .
Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh is a former Nigerian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Marulanda died of a heart attack on March 26 , 2008 . The news was first brought by Colombian magazine Revista Semana on May 24 , 2008 that cited Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos saying Marulanda died .
Novosibirsk is Russia 's third-largest city , after Moscow and Saint Petersburg , and the largest city of Siberia . It is the administrative center of Novosibirsk Oblast as well as of the Siberian Federal District .
Maisons-l ès - Chaource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Feller Bach is a right tributary of the Moselle River in Rhineland-Palatinate .
The East stand is very modern , and has plenty of legroom .
This is a nucleus with one proton and one neutron , i.e. a deuterium nucleus .
Cap-Ha ïtien is a city of about 180,000 people on the north coast of Haiti .
Key generation is the process of generating keys for cryptography .
A coda-less syllable of the form V , CV , CCV , etc. is called an open syllable , while a syllable that has a coda is called a closed syllable .
Vasari records that the King held Leonardo 's head in his arms as he died , although this story , beloved by the French and portrayed in romantic paintings by Ingres , and other French artists , as well as by Angelica Kauffmann , may be legend rather than fact . Vasari also tells us that in his last days , Leonardo sent for a priest to make his confession and to receive the Holy Sacrament .
Barr , however , died before he could join ECW with Guerrero .
Later he lived most of his life with his family in Nuremberg , Bavaria , and later in Munich .
Her book , The Pavlova Story : A Slice of New Zealand 's Culinary History , contains a timeline of pavlova history which gives 1935 for the first Australian pavlova recipe and 1929 for the recipe in the rural magazine NZ Dairy Exporter Annual .
Melling was initially signed as a back-up hooker to Chad Randall , however the Great Britain international has made full back position his own .
Gackt 's musical education began at age three , when his parents initiated his classical piano education , which he grew tired of four years later .
Sir Joseph John `` J. J. '' Thomson , OM , FRS was a British physicist and Nobel laureate , credited for the discovery of the electron and of isotopes , and the invention of the mass spectrometer .
The series has been translated into eighteen languages and the fourth volume reached the top of the New York Times bestseller lists upon its release .
The average sleep requirement is between seven and nine continuous hours a day for an adult and nine to ten hours for a child ; elderly people usually sleep for six to seven hours .
Edward Everett was an American politician and educator from Massachusetts .
La Capelle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
While his name remains associated most closely with the French operetta and the Second Empire , it is Offenbach 's one fully operatic masterpiece , The Tales of Hoffmann , composed at the end of his career , that has become the most familiar of Offenbach 's works in major opera houses .
For additive combination of colors , as in overlapping projected lights or in CRT displays , the primary colors normally used are red , green , and blue . For subtractive combination of colors , as in mixing of pigments or dyes , such as in printing , the primaries normally used are cyan , magenta , and yellow , though the set of red , yellow , blue is popular among artists .
At this centromeric constriction the two mostly identical halves of the chromosome , the sister chromatids , are held together until late metaphase .
Bancigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The humanities are academic disciplines which study the human condition , using methods that are primarily analytic , critical , or speculative , as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural and social sciences .
The name `` common clam worm '' is less ambiguous , but is also sometimes used for other Neries species such as N. virens and N. limbata .
When he hears the pin is Susanna 's , he is overcome with jealousy , especially as he recognizes the pin to be the one that fastened the letter to the Count .
The Woodland Dormouse is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
He soon became the architect of Iraq 's foreign policy and represented the nation in all diplomatic situations .
His works include cultural essays on Catalan topics , and stories dealing with Jewish traditions .
Bridge to Terabithia is a 2007 fantasy drama film directed by Gábor Csupó and adapted for film by David L. Paterson and Jeff Stockwell .
It has its own elected president , prime minister , legislature , high court , and official flag .
Though Singer , Harris and Dougherty had yet to complete a script , the director has revealed that at the time of his departure they had partially completed a story treatment for the film which would have focused exclusively on Jean Grey 's resurrection with the new villain Emma Frost , a role intended for Sigourney Weaver .
There are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in Greece .
For a long time , his first six appearances would stand as the show 's record ; his current tally of eight - the last being in 2008 - fall one short of the record for guest appearances currently held by Germaine Greer and Will Self .
The 14th century saw further growth .
Arminianism is a school of soteriological thought within Protestant Christianity based on the theological ideas of the Dutch Reformed theologian Jacobus Arminius and his historic followers , the Remonstrants .
List of Christian denominations ordered by historical and doctrinal relationships . .
Once one has eaten at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
The Class 59 Co-Co diesel locomotives were built and introduced between 1985 and 1995 by Electro-Motive Division of General Motors for private British companies , initially Foster Yeoman .
Ivan Mariz was a Brazilian footballer in midfielder role .
As of 10/17/08 , Joey is back on the radio after a long absence .
When Endemol USA and NBC adapted it to the American market in 2001 , they changed the name to Fear Factor .
Both islands are part of an extinct volcanic mountain range .
These standard abbreviations can be found at the IPNI , Author Query page .
American Psychological Association states that sexual orientation `` describes the pattern of sexual attraction , behavior and identity e.g. homosexual , bisexual and heterosexual . ''
Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Valverde is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Photosynthesis is a process that converts carbon dioxide into organic compounds , especially sugars , using the energy from sunlight .
Balnot-la-Grange is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
As the East Division was composed of the Original Six franchises , these teams had a competitive advantage over the West Division teams for several years .
A power outage or system hang such as a BSOD can mean a significant loss of any data queued in such cache .
Thionville is divided into two cantons . Thionville Est , which includes the city , and Thionville Ouest .
See also Wikipedia 's guidelines on conflict of interest .
Dating back to 1837 , the Chicago Police Department is one of the oldest modern police forces in the world .
Hurricane Ivan became extratropical the next day .
Fralignes is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
It was selected by the station 's founder , Emir of Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa , as the winning entry in a design competition .
The Maccabees are an English indie rock band , based in Brighton and originally from south London .
On the recommendations of the committee , the Rowlatt Act , an extension of the Defense of India act of 1915 , was enforced in India . It vested the Viceroy 's government with extraordinary powers to quell sedition by silencing the press , including detaining the political activists without trial , arrest without warrant of any individuals suspected of sedition or treason , as well as trial before special tribunals and in camera .
This opinion Ernst Mayr labels as ` Geoffroyism ' .
Ciprian Andrei Marica is a Romanian footballer who currently plays for VfB Stuttgart .
Ham-sur-Heure-Nalinnes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
In the mean time , the world ethnic study circles had noticed this and gave very high comments .
To help ease the resumption of services after the storm passes , CN also issued an embargo with the Association of American Railroads against all deliveries to points south of Osyka , Mississippi .
Geelong is home to the Geelong Football Club Australian Football League team , the second oldest AFL club and one of the oldest in the world .
Their powers are protected by the Australian constitution , and Commonwealth legislation only applies to the states where permitted by the constitution .
Fecundity is under both genetic and environmental control , and is the major measure of fitness .
The meltwater from the glacier forms Rupal River .
The conference was officially formed on February 25 , 1994 , when the former Big Eight Conference joined with four Texas schools that had been members of the Southwest Conference , which had just disbanded . Athletic competition in the conference commenced on August 31 , 1996 .
In November 1971 , Rolling Stone published the combined texts of the trips as Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas : A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream as a two-part article illustrated by Ralph Steadman , who , two years before , had worked with Thompson on a Scanlan 's Monthly article titled `` The Kentucky Derby is Decadent and Depraved '' .
Falafel is made from fava beans or chickpeas or a combination of the two .
When need for a town crier disappeared , the position passed into local folklore .
Yet another theory is that the name derives from `` Wee Shaw '' , meaning small wood .
It is best known for Charlottenburg Palace , the largest surviving royal palace in Berlin , and the adjacent museums .
Thelxinoe belongs to the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 .
Scheherazade , sometimes Scheherazadea , Persian transliteration Shahrazad or Shahrzād , is a legendary Persian queen and the storyteller of One Thousand and One Nights .
Günter Sawitzki is a former German football player .
While there he met fellow composers Peter Maxwell Davies and Alexander Goehr , who , together with pianist John Ogdon and conductor Elgar Howarth , formed the New Music Manchester group , dedicated to the performances of serial and other modern works .
The straight-to-video market also saw the release of Ultraman Neos in 2000 , as well as special features for Ultraman Tiga , Dyna , and Gaia , who have teamed up in theatrical features .
Ambrose Everett Burnside was an American soldier , railroad executive , inventor , industrialist , and politician from Rhode Island , serving as governor and a U.S. Senator .
In general , most experts agree that `` mental health '' and `` mental illness '' are not opposites .
In his other recordings of Mahler - various songs and the First , Second , Fourth , and Fifth symphonies - there is the great added interest that he had heard Mahler 's own performances of most of them .
An Australian airline stewardess and a native of Brisbane who was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctors , she was a regular in the program from 1981 to 1984 .
Züsedom is a municipality in the Uecker-Randow district , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
Roof tiles are designed mainly to keep out rain , and are traditionally made from locally available materials such as clay or slate .
Sallaumines is a commune of northern France .
The ground state is defined at zero electric and magnetic fields .
Following several years of work , Louis Essen from the National Physical Laboratory and William Markowitz from the United States Naval Observatory determined the relationship between the hyperfine transition frequency of the caesium atom and the ephemeris second .
Other duties include the layout , placement , maintenance and dismantling of defensive minefields and the clearing of enemy minefields and the construction and destruction of bridges .
Saint-Michel-de-Lapujade is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In early January 2007 , city officials noted city codes that prohibit living in tents and gave the society one week to evict the occupants of the tent city .
Mahmud fought against the Seljuk Sultan of Khorasan , Ahmed Sanjar , whom Mehmed I had revolted against in 1105 .
The Mac Mini is a desktop computer made by Apple Inc. .
The following distributions are simply not categorized under the preceding sections .
The first storyline follows the group of people who have been stuck in 1977 and detonated a hydrogen bomb on the island in an attempt to change the timeline : the survivors ' leader Dr. Jack Shephard , former fugitive Kate Austen , millionaire Hugo `` Hurley '' Reyes , former torturer Sayid Jarrah , con artist James `` Sawyer '' Ford , medium Miles Straume , and former mob-enforcer Jin Kwon .
As a general rule , grapes used must be the white Chardonnay , or the dark-skinned `` red wine grapes '' Pinot Noir or Pinot Meunier .
He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in 1941 .
It is the third novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and the sequel to The Sea of Monsters .
The stones themselves are used as large markings on the ground .
There are four similar species in the Least Skipper 's range .
Theodosius Grygorovych Dobzhansky , also known as T. G. Dobzhansky , and sometimes Anglicized to Theodore Dobzhansky was a prominent geneticist and evolutionary biologist , and a central figure in the field of evolutionary biology for his work in shaping the unifying modern evolutionary synthesis .
Numbers were allocated from 1 to 1000 , with blocks of 100 numbers allocated to specific types of vehicle .
If any Man shall offer to run away , or keep any Secret from the Company , he shall be marooned with one Bottle of Powder , one Bottle of Water , one small Arm , and Shot .
DeMuDi is a defunct operating system based on Debian with enhancements and features aimed at music , sound and video production .
More information on the qualification format at UEFA.com
Uniquely , the stadium shares part of the same road as Tannadice Park , which is the home of city rivals Dundee United F.C. .
Camblanes-et-Meynac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Peterhead sits at the easternmost point in mainland Scotland .
He rose to national prominence as an SDS leader in 1968 and 1969 .
This type of bunker is a small concrete structure , partly dug into the ground , which is usually a part of a trench system .
He seemingly falls through the ground into a room below , now wearing a mask .
Cavaillon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The painter Nicholas Roerich shared his idea with Stravinsky in 1910 , his fleeting vision of a pagan ritual in which a young girl dances herself to death .
Fey Sommers in the Ugly Betty television series has also been likened to Wintour .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box .
A jury recommended that Couey receive the death penalty , and on August 24 , 2007 , he was sentenced to death .
The show chronicles the life of Max Guevara , a genetically enhanced super-soldier , portrayed by Jessica Alba as an adult , and Geneva Locke as a child .
A tent city is a temporary housing facility made using tents .
Since then , most stores have been amended or constructed specifically to feature a cafe serving Starbucks beverages , Harney & Sons or Tazo Tea , FIJI Bottled Water , bakery goods from The Cheesecake Factory , candy from Godiva Chocolatiers , sandwiches and other specialty products .
This category is for places within the London Borough of Enfield ; other items should be placed within one of the more specific linking sub-categories .
Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia was the third daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Fyodorovna .
There are many examples of such contrasting views , indeed , opposing fundamental beliefs exist even within each major religion .
He named it simply Saturni Luna , publishing in the 1655 tract De Saturni Luna Observatio Nova .
More than 100,000 people live in the Lachlan catchment .
In humans , signs and symptoms of riboflavin deficiency include cracked and red lips , inflammation of the lining of mouth and tongue , mouth ulcers , cracks at the corners of the mouth , and a sore throat .
Shaquille Rashaun O'Neal , nicknamed `` Shaq '' , is an American professional basketball player , rapper , actor , reserve police officer and a U.S. Deputy Marshal .
In 1817 Larra returned to Spain , knowing less Spanish than French .
I can only say : even in death they can not stop lying .
The Crassulaceae , or orpine family , is a family of dicotyledons .
Flushing , founded in 1645 , is a neighborhood in the north central part of the City of New York borough of Queens , ten miles east of Manhattan . Flushing was one of the first Dutch settlements on Long Island .
At the 2000 census the population was 5,687 .
Both zoospores and gametes of the chytrids are mobile by their flagella , one whiplash per individual .
Their son , Ronald Prescott Reagan , was born six years later on May 20 . Nancy Reagan also became stepmother to Maureen Reagan and Michael Reagan , the children of her husband 's first marriage to Jane Wyman .
Because Ulong had only 2 members , a fire-making challenge instead of a vote determined the outcome at Tribal Council , and Stephenie won .
A hypothesis requires more work by the researcher in order to either confirm or disprove it .
Brentwood College School is a co-educational boarding school that focuses on preparing students for the challenges of post-secondary education .
Two groups of islands lie off the Peloponnesan coast : the Argo-Saronic Islands to the east and the Ionian Islands to the west .
Alexander Scott Rae , is a former Scottish professional footballer , who is first team coach at MK Dons .
The modern organization was founded by Englishman Samuel Shenton in 1956 , and later led by Charles K. Johnson , who based the organization in his home in Lancaster , California .
Joseph Hewes was a native of Princeton , New Jersey , where he was born in 1730 .
International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry . '' '' .
Karen Victoria Silvstedt , best known as Victoria Silvstedt , is a Swedish model , Playboy Playmate of the Year , actress and singer .
Greater London originally had a two-tier system of local government , with the Greater London Council sharing power with the City of London Corporation and the 32 London borough councils .
After Freddie Mercury 's death in 1991 , remaining band members John Deacon , Roger Taylor and Brian May worked with vocals that Mercury recorded before he died , along with newly recorded lyrics by the remaining band members .
At this time , Coombing Park was supplying iron ore to the Lithgow steelworks .
Nuremberg held great significance during the Nazi Germany era .
He invented the terms Palaeolithic and Neolithic to denote the Old and New Stone Ages respectively , but more notable was his introduction of a Darwinian view of human nature .
Sougé - le-Ganelon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
A Yugoslav court ruled Pavelić responsible for approximately 700,000 deaths .
Embedded within the flow of a cyclone to its north , Ana continued eastward , and early on April 22 the wind shear again removed the convection from the center .
Like the other founding members of the Fantastic Four , Sue received her powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm .
Sergio Ramos García is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for Real Madrid and for the Spanish national team .
Amidst this , Longfellow fell into `` periods of neurotic depression with moments of panic '' and took a six-month leave of absence from Harvard to attend a health spa at Marienberg in Germany .
Aubous is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Trdat the Architect was the chief architect of the Bagratuni kings of Armenia , whose 10th century monuments have been argued to be the forerunners of Gothic architecture which came to Europe several centuries later .
The chopsticks are placed parallel to the table edge with the points toward the left .
Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Kargil War , also known as the Kargil conflict , was an armed conflict between India and Pakistan that took place between May and July 1999 in the Kargil district of Kashmir and elsewhere along the Line of Control .
This is an important possibility to consider when designing , for example , emergency brake handles or emergency phones .
He devised and presented the popular Sounding Brass radio phone-in program which was later fronted by Gloria Hunniford on BBC Radio 2 .
The Zing It is a yo-yo-style audio game that , like the Bop It , issues commands with which the player must comply .
The population was 2,294 at the 2000 census .
Punk dominated the challenger early with a series of kicks and arm locks before Hardy escaped to the floor . Punk dove through the ropes at Hardy , only to crash as his opponent moved away only to have Hardy go for a dive of his own and Punk reciprocate with his own dodge .
As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure composed of water rises out of the river and pulls him under , drowning him , the other two men run on .
Bioluminescent organisms are a target for many areas of research .
The prosecutor 's office of Zakarpattia region has filed a case against Russian Orthodox Church priest Dmytro Sidor and Yevhen Zhupan , an Our Ukraine deputy of the Zakarpattia regional council and chairman of the People 's Council of Ruthenians , on charges of encroaching on the territorial integrity and inviolability of Ukraine .
Albany is a town in Pepin County , Wisconsin , United States .
He was the leader of the Norwegian delegation to the United Nations general assembly in 1946 .
Above this is the alpine meadow , and even higher , the vegetation becomes more and more sparse .
The term is derived from the Latin fortis and facere .
Binalong lay beyond the border of the Nineteen Counties which was the formal legal extent of European settlement in New South Wales .
In an interview , Reynolds said he started PCLinuxOS `` to provide an outlet for crazy desire to package source code without having to deal with egos , arrogance and politics . ''
Thus , each `` vitamin '' may refer to several vitamer compounds that all show the biological activity associated with a particular vitamin . Such a set of chemicals are grouped under an alphabetized vitamin `` generic descriptor '' title , such as `` vitamin A '' , which includes the compounds retinal , retinol , and four known carotenoids .
Alternating between two or more plant types provides population stability for the herbivore , while the populations of the plants oscillate .
African elephants are the species of elephants in the genus Loxodonta , one of the two existing genera in Elephantidae .
The Lower Grand Coulee contains Park , Blue , Alkali , Lenore , and Soap lakes .
Joseph `` Joe '' Manchin III is an American politician from the State of West Virginia .
Noyales is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The scandal of a man imprisoned without reason and crazy exploded and Cafiero was released with only the choice between forced residence in Barletta , his birth town , or exile to Switzerland .
Protactinium is a metallic element that belongs to the actinoid group , with a bright metallic luster that it retains for some time in contact with air .
A divisor of that is not 1 , 1 , or is known as a non-trivial divisor ; numbers with non-trivial divisors are known as composite numbers , while units and prime numbers have no non-trivial divisors .
Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller was a German poet , philosopher , historian , and playwright .
Darwin 's book did not address the question of human evolution , saying only that `` Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Hotcow is an experiential marketing agency based in Richmond , London , UK .
Between October 23 , 1973 and October 16 , 1974 , he played 95 consecutive games without a loss , shattering his previous record .
Euphlyctis ghoshi is a species of frog found in Asia .
After a series of short-lived governmental schemes , Napoleon Bonaparte seized control of the Republic in 1799 , making himself First Consul , and later Emperor of what is now known as the First Empire .
Between those two mountain ranges , there are several valleys formed by the Artibonite River and its tributaries .
Although for various reasons the opera closed soon after its fifth performance and is little known today , it has been recently enjoying a revival , both in a piano/song concert version by Liszt at the Festival international Victor Hugo et Égaux 2007 and in a full orchestral version to be presented in July 2008 at Le Festival de Radio France et Montpellier Languedoc-Roussillon .
Like other sign languages , its grammar and syntax are distinct from any spoken language in its area of influence .
Although no confirmed direct observations of the Oort cloud have been made , astronomers believe that it is the source of all long-period and Halley-type comets entering the inner Solar System and many of the Centaurs and Jupiter-family comets as well . The outer Oort cloud is only loosely bound to the Solar System , and thus is easily affected by the gravitational pull both of passing stars and of the Milky Way Galaxy itself .
Chorlton-on-Medlock is an inner city area of Manchester , in North West England .
Christina Rau is a granddaughter of her husband 's mentor , Gustav Heinemann , former President of Germany .
Montpelier is a city in the U.S. state of Vermont that serves as the state capital and the shire town of Washington County . As the capital of Vermont , Montpelier is the site of the Vermont State House , seat of the legislative branch of Vermont government .
Hanau is a town in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis , in Hesse , Germany .
In the post-kayfabe era , it is used less and less .
Later in the month , a tropical depression formed well to the southwest of Cape Verde , and moved slowly northwestward . The next day , it became Tropical Storm Ernesto , and tacking generally towards the north , it obtained its strongest winds of 60 m on September 23 .
It was written by Ulrich Tengler , and published by Sebastian Brant .
Rio Grande do Norte is dominated by its coastline .
Fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit Bermuda since Hurricane Arlene in 1963 .
There are a large number of sports that involve water .
With some of the highest altitude vineyards in Australia this area produces uniquely flavored and memorable wines .
According to the Encyclopedia of Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity , the denial of Armenian genocide is `` the most patent example of a state 's denial of its past '' .
Camogie is an Irish team sport . Played with a stick and ball , it is the women 's variant of hurling , and is organised by the Camogie Association of Ireland .
Pavarotti became even better known throughout the world in 1990 when his rendition of Giacomo Puccini 's aria , `` Nessun Dorma '' from Turandot was taken as the theme song of BBC 's TV coverage of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy .
Nome is a 1st-class city in the Nome Census Area in the Unorganized Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska , located on the southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea .
The station , and all trains serving it , are operated by National Express East Anglia .
Daniel Weisiger Adams was a noted lawyer and a brigadier general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War .
This axis is interrupted by a railway line and Bonn Central Station , a building erected in 1883/84 .
The Saffir - Simpson Hurricane Scale is a classification used for most Western Hemisphere tropical cyclones that exceed the intensities of tropical depressions and tropical storms .
This was a result of Ratchet & Clank being the first western video game to make Japan 's top 100 list .
On May 2 , 2000 , it was released to Region 1 DVD for the first time .
Please do not make test edits to articles , as you did with to , even if you intend to fix them later .
Additionally , access is restricted on a `` need to know '' basis .
An easily visualized metaphor is a group of separate soap bubbles , in which observers living on one soap bubble can not interact with those on other soap bubbles , even in principle .
He was elevated to the peerage by King Louis-Philippe in 1841 and entered the Higher Chamber as a pair de France , where he spoke against the death penalty and social injustice , and in favor of freedom of the press and self-government for Poland .
It ruled over an area extending across the Peten Lakes region , encompassing the community of Eckixil on Lake Quexil .
If untreated , chlamydial infections can cause serious reproductive and other health problems with both short-term and long-term consequences .
Following his Abitur , he served his military service from 1974 until 1976 . He then studied law and political science at the Justus-Liebig-Universit ät of Gießen .
Lauren Weisberger , who had worked for Wintour as an assistant in the early 2000s and then left Vogue for Departures along with Richard Story , wrote The Devil Wears Prada under his tutelage .
The game 's popularity sparked the usage of terms like `` Halo clone '' and `` Halo killer '' .
This was eventually proved by Barry Mazur and Andrew Wiles for Q , and for all totally real number fields by Andrew Wiles .
The county 's motto , `` We wunt be druv '' , reflects the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries .
With the introduction of the devolution System the talukas have been sub-divided into the Union Councils numbering 49 , Tapas 109 and Dehs 511 .
It is used for the purpose of making subtle adjustments to levels in experienced Wikipedians .
The French writers ' duo Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halévy wrote a large number of opera and operetta libretti for the likes of Jacques Offenbach , Jules Massenet and Georges Bizet .
A. afarensis was slenderly built , like the younger Australopithecus africanus .
The greater Cranbourne area consists of Cranbourne , Cranbourne North , Cranbourne East , Cranbourne South , Cranbourne West .
Octavius 's death devastated his father . Shortly afterward , King George said `` There will be no heaven for me if Octavius is not there . ''
Please note that having your user page deleted does not delete this list of your contributions .
In 1828 , Coenraad Johannes van Houten developed the first cocoa powder producing machine in the Netherlands .
The Armenian Air Defense is the anti-aircraft branch of the Armed Forces of Armenia .
Some Linux-based Live CD systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc .
Georges , the youngest of eight children , was born on January 21 , 1887 in Chicoutimi , Quebec , to Jacques Vézina , a local baker and an immigrant from St. Nicolas de La Rochelle in France , and his wife Clara .
It is scheduled to take place on April 3 , 2011 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta , Georgia .
He adopted the alias of Bécquer as his brother Valeriano Bécquer , a painter , had done earlier .
Many of the large bronze statues were lost - with the majority being melted to recover the material .
She currently plays Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives .
In the reverse communications path , responses are mapped back to the originating IP address using the rules stored in the translation tables .
However , individual contributions are not by themselves derivative works because they do not contain any of the original work , as the copyright still remains with the author .
Po can sometimes be mischievous and naughty , as when she disobeys the commands of the `` voice trumpets '' .
Bovill is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
On the 24th of September 1834 he produced Macías , a play based on his own historical novel , El doncel de don Enrique el Doliente .
Some of the small islands in the Taiwan Strait are also part of the province .
Switzerland , although not a member of the European Union , adheres to the same principle , stating that `` neither a political unit needs to be recognized to become a state , nor does a state have the obligation to recognize another one .
By the end of World War II , the IJN had sacrificed 2,525 kamikaze pilots , and the IJAAF 1,387 .
Her young husband died trying to save her .
Bonneville-la-Louvet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
CBBC Extra is a free interactive television service from CBBC provided by BBC Red Button .
However , the nomination was withdrawn before Senate action on October 27 the same year .
Many locations straddle the boundaries of post towns , constituencies , districts or regions .
Note that , in some cases , a party 's self-described adherence to social democracy may be disputed by its critics .
It is in the genus Asclepias , making it a type of milkweed .
She was given the option to appear nude in Sin City by the film 's directors , Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez , but declined the offer , saying , `` I do n't do nudity .
In Western universities , a Bachelor of Divinity is usually an undergraduate academic degree awarded for a course taken in the study of divinity or related disciplines , such as theology or , rarely , religious studies .
Furthermore it has also had to contend with overexposure of large teams in the area , such as Aberdeen and Inverness Caledonian Thistle , as well as the Old Firm to the South , and to an extent English football .
Nevertheless , he did not enjoy his time at Bowdoin , especially correcting exams and papers .
The process of gaining or losing electrons from a neutral atom or molecule is called ionization .
Russian-Lithuanian businessman and banker Vladimir Romanov has been the major shareholder of Hearts since he bought Chris Robinson 's stake in 2005 .
Whedon also wrote for The Great Gildersleeve , The Andy Griffith Show , The Dick Van Dyke Show and Leave It to Beaver .
The first church was established on the site in 705 .
It is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka located in the south-west of the district .
After the war , active anti-Soviet combat was almost exclusively continued by NTS : other organizations either dissolved , or began concentrating exclusively on self-preservation and/or educating the youth .
In algebra , the discriminant of a polynomial is an expression which gives information about the nature of the polynomial 's roots .
John Albert Elway , Jr. is a retired American football quarterback .
There are 82 counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Before their crucifixion , Gabrielle tells Xena that she had chosen `` The Way of Friendship '' .
He was a music student and choral scholar at the University of Cambridge , and also studied singing and flute in Manchester at the Royal Northern College of Music .
Consett is a town in the northwest of County Durham , England .
The Netherlands Antilles national football team is the national team of the Netherlands Antilles and is controlled by the Nederlands Antilliaanse Voetbal Unie .
The assembly must also accept or amend the Mayor 's budget on an annual basis .
It is a short walk from South Tottenham station on London Overground .
Guerrero wrestled in Mexico and Japan and in several major professional wrestling promotions in the United States He wrestled in Extreme Championship Wrestling , World Championship Wrestling , and in World Wrestling Entertainment .
You have to supply the full URL .
Danny , who calls himself ` Danny Phantom ' in ghost form , develops the ability to fly , become invisible , and turn his body intangible .
Between 1878 and 1884 , Ipswich Town played at two grounds in the town , Broom Hill and Brook 's Hall , but in 1884 , the club moved to Portman Road and have played there ever since .
In 1993 the three districts were merged .
Jerilderie 's post code is 2716 .
Adaptation is one of the basic phenomena of biology , and is the process whereby an organism becomes better suited to its habitat .
The main rivalry from the Raw brand played out between John Cena and John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield over the World Heavyweight Championship .
It is located on the campus of the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls , Iowa .
Impressed with Keenan 's vocals , Jones suggested that they form a band . Although reluctant at first , Keenan agreed and , in 1990 , Tool was formed .
The Court meets in Washington , D.C. in the United States Supreme Court Building .
It has been estimated that between 1683 and 1715 , nearly 30,000 out of 120,000 Corsicans lost their lives to vendetta .
In the cult series , he played the mysterious Angel , a vampire cursed with a soul as punishment for his past sins .
Viewer 's Choice serviced both home satellite-dish and cable customers , while Request TV , though broadcasting to cable viewers , would not become available to dish-owners until the 1990s .
Varanasi , also commonly known as Benares or Banaras and Kashi , is a city situated on the left bank of the River Ganga in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , regarded as holy by Hindus , Buddhists , and Jains . It is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in the world .
The oldest trees are determined by growth rings , which can be seen if the tree is cut down or in cores taken from the edge to the center of the tree .
Landjäger , is a dried sausage traditionally made in Southern Germany and Switzerland .
Bluetooth is commonly used to transfer sound data with telephones or byte data with hand-held computers .
Abbeville , Picardie - France .
`` He 's not a cruel boy .
Religious toleration as a Government policy merely means the absence of religious persecution ; unlike religious liberty it does not mean that religions are equal before the law . Toleration is a privilege granted by Government , not a right against it ; governments have often tolerated some religions and not others .
The satellite is estimated to measure about 11 km in diameter .
For his show on March 24 , 2009 he released the soundtrack/studio album called For The Love Of Ray J. He dated Cocktail for several months before they split , partly due to rumors of Ray J dating Tila Tequila .
Some authorities do not consider the digon to be a proper polygon because of its degeneracy in the Euclidean case , but most formulae on general polygons do work on the digon . For example , the angle sum of an n-gon , would become 0 when n = 2 , which is correct for a Euclidean digon .
The first significant written record of Britain and its inhabitants was by the Greek navigator Pytheas , who explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC .
Mary , the blood sovereign , wielded less power than William during the parts of her reign when William remained in England , ceding most of her authority to her husband , though he heavily relied on her .
Many species , such as the olm , have both lungs and gills as adults .
The show itself won the 2007 Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series .
During Pakistan 's independence in 1947 , Rafiq Tarar performed voluntary duty as a relief worker in camps set up by Muslim Students Federation for refugees , migrating from India to Pakistan .
Instead he was booked for a no holds barred match with Mr McMahon 's son , Shane , at No Way Out in February , which Orton won . The night after the event , they fought again until Orton punted Shane unconscious .
Indian English or South Asian English comprises several dialects or varieties of English spoken primarily in the Indian Subcontinent .
FC 01 Bamberg and TSV Eintracht Bamberg .
Essentially , if the skull of a heteromyid is viewed from the side , the viewer can see directly through it .
Although fewer Trojan asteroids sharing Jupiter 's orbit are currently known , it is thought that there are as many as there are asteroids in the main belt .
Lake Pontchartrain is a brackish estuary located in southeastern Louisiana .
Women took part in the games for the first time and Charlotte Cooper became the first female Olympic champion .
An enhanced remake for the Nintendo DS called Super Mario 64 DS was available for the launch of the Nintendo DS in 2004 .
Cranston was about to retire from show skating and he envisioned a final tribute show in which he and other skaters passed down their knowledge of skating and life lessons to a young skater . This skater was Shawn Sawyer .
William was the son of her aunt , Mary , Princess Royal , and Prince William II of Nassau .
Livingstone has been a strong proponent of the Oyster card smartcard ticketing system for London 's public transport network introduced in 2003 .
The municipality was formed in 1882 by splitting from Vergeletto .
Georgetown is a city in Vermilion County , Illinois , United States .
Gosford is a city located on the Central Coast of New South Wales , Australia , approximately 80 km north of the Sydney central business district .
While an undergraduate , Cabell taught French and Greek at the College .
Hominid is a novel by Austrian writer Klaus Ebner .
His organization says that over five million students have taken refuge as disciples under Lu .
Trees were levelled and the tide was so high that `` one could not get to the Market House without a Boat . ''
São Tomé and Príncipe , officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe , is a Portuguese-speaking island nation in the Gulf of Guinea , off the western equatorial coast of Africa .
Demosthenes learned rhetoric by studying the speeches of previous great orators .
The list excludes stations only served by London Underground , Tramlink and Docklands Light Railway .
But , each side is counted times since it has that many vertices , we need to divide with this number .
Over the years , ten body fossil specimens of Archaeopteryx and a feather that may belong to it have been found .
His Covent Garden debut followed in 1997 where he sang the role of Count Potoski in the world premiere of Donizetti 's Elisabetta .
The Suzuki method was first developed in Japan .
Also , CAF is responsible for organization of the football events during the Pan African Games .
This award was designed by on October 28 , 2007 .
Laruns is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Obergösgen is a municipality in the district of Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The 1997 movie Contact , based on Sagan 's novel of the same name and finished after his death , ends with the dedication `` For Carl '' .
As of 2004 , this size is used for all senior-level women 's competitions worldwide .
The Andy Griffith Show consistently placed in the top ten during its run .
From 1978-2005 , it played host to the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix , a WTA Tier II event .
Calumet City is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Oxfordshire is a county in the South East England region , bordering on Northamptonshire , Buckinghamshire , Berkshire , Wiltshire , Gloucestershire and Warwickshire .
All dates in 1918 Montreal had won the first half of the NHL split season and Toronto had won the second half .
The choice of Bonn was made mainly due to the advocacy of Konrad Adenauer , a former Cologne Mayor and Chancellor of West Germany after World War II , who came from that area , despite the fact that Frankfurt already had most of the required facilities and using Bonn was estimated to be 95 Mill DM more expensive than using Frankfurt .
The United States Cabinet is composed of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States . Its existence dates back to the first American President , George Washington , who appointed a Cabinet of four people to advise and assist him in his duties .
In the late 3rd millennium B.C. settlements of the Kura-Araxes culture began to be replaced by early Trialeti culture sites .
The Country Music Association Awards , also known as the CMA Awards , or the CMAs , and not to be confused with the ACM Awards , are voted on by business members of the Country Music Association .
Crime is present in various forms in India .
Communication protocols between the cache managers which keep the data consistent are known as coherency protocols .
The storm made landfall in Southeast Texas near Port Arthur on the morning of August 5 as a strong tropical storm .
90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections amongst the affected population .
As Adam Smith noted , having money gives one the ability to `` command '' others ' labor , so purchasing power to some extent is power over other people , to the extent that they are willing to trade their labor or goods for money or currency .
This device then passes the low pressure , liquid refrigerant to another heat exchanger , the evaporator where the refrigerant evaporates into a gas via heat absorption .
However , an influx of more exotic spices such as chocolate , coffee , tea , and vanilla from newly contacted Eastern and overseas countries caused European cultivation and usage of saffron to decline .
Luiz Gervazoni is a former Brazilian football player .
In an interview with Entertainment Weekly , Meyer responded to the negative response of many fans to the book and called it the `` Rob Effect '' ; she said that the fans need time to accept the ending of Breaking Dawn , just as they needed time to accept Robert Pattinson playing the role of Edward in the Twilight movie .
Arlon is a Belgian municipality located in the Walloon province of Luxembourg , of which it is the capital .
Using the Labyrinth , Percy has to try to find Daedalus so Luke can not get Ariadne 's string , thereby foiling Luke 's invasion .
An important change in the behavior of humans was brought about by the control of fire and its accompanying light .
He was also the first person to win Emmy Awards for acting , writing and directing for the same series . Richard Hooker , who wrote the novel on which M \* A \* S \* H was based , did not like Alan Alda 's portrayal of Hawkeye Pierce .
Some have caused subsidence in living history .
Budai , pronounced Hotei in Japanese , is a Chinese folkloric deity .
The school 's HLMA team got an Honourable Mention in 2004 and a Special Commendation in 2006 .
This policy is known to cause difficulty for some editors , who must use open proxies to circumvent censorship where they live ; for example , citizens of the People 's Republic of China , from which access to the Chinese language edition of Wikipedia is often blocked by the government 's Golden Shield Project .
The Odyssey is an ancient Greek epic poem attributed to Homer .
Heathrow is the primary hub for BMI , British Airways and Virgin Atlantic Airways .
Watt has dedicated all of fIREHOSE 's releases and his solo albums to the memory of Boon .
Claudio Abbado has served as music director of the La Scala opera house in Milan , principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , music director of the Vienna State Opera , and , most recently , principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra from 1989 to 2002 , when he retired from the position for health reasons .
It is monotypic within the genus Glirulus .
Berwick-Upon-Tweed , the former county town of Berwickshire , had a population of 11,665 at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 .
Currently , certifications are available in 19 modules , covering different sectors of financial and capital markets .
Dame Mary Douglas , DBE , FBA was a British anthropologist , known for her writings on human culture and symbolism .
The campaign for the Democratic nomination is extensively addressed .
The NWS is tasked with providing `` weather , hydrologic , and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States , its territories , adjacent waters and ocean areas , for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy . ''
To improve the song , they recorded this part live and Buckland overdubbed his guitar .
Then conquer we must , when our cause it is just , And this be our motto : ` In God is our trust . '
Hurwicz and his family experienced persecution by both the Bolsheviks and Nazis , as he again became a refugee when Hitler invaded Poland in 1939 .
The enteric nervous system has been described as a `` second brain '' .
Little is known of his background , but he was a curate in Ansty , Warwickshire , and vicar of Thornton .
These may border on forbidden personal attacks , and may discourage the article 's creator from making future valuable contributions .
Nehoiu is a town in Buzău County , Romania , with a population of 11,631 .
By coming in 1st at M-Tel 2009 , he was also given the opportunity to play in the Grand Slam Chess Final 2009 in Bilbao where he will meet Levon Aronian , Sergey Karjakin , and Alexander Grischuk .
The river Indus passes from North to South on Western side of the district and touches Dera Ghazi Khan .
Biden was also a long-time member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .
As the Cold War and the Space Race took hold , UM became a major recipient of government grants for strategic research and helped to develop peacetime uses for nuclear energy .
Between his two matches against Janowski , Lasker arranged another World Chess Championship in January - February 1910 against Carl Schlechter .
According to the North Korean government , an Unha-2 rocket carrying the satellite was launched on Sunday 5 April 2009 at 11:20 local time from the Tonghae Satellite Launching Ground at Musudan-ri in northeastern North Korea . However , officials in South Korea and the United States reported that the rocket and any payload had fallen into the Pacific Ocean .
Blue Jays will sometimes cache food , though to what extent differs widely among individuals .
His tournament successes include over 160 first-place finishes .
More recent variants in the 1980s and 1990s include Günter Wächtershäuser 's iron-sulfur world theory and models introduced by Christian de Duve based on the chemistry of thioesters .
Naoki Soma is a former Japanese football defender .
It is the principal city of and is included in the Valley , Alabama Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Gainesville , Georgia-Alabama Combined Statistical Area .
Equatorial Guinea is now essentially a single-party state , dominated by Obiang 's Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea .
As well as the 1500 word core vocabulary , both Special and Specialized English also generally allow : inflections of the core words , numbers up to a million , pronouns , proper nouns , and any words whose meaning can be communicated in real time using the core vocabulary .
Cayce 's methods involved lying down and entering into what appeared to be a trance or sleep state , usually at the request of a subject who was seeking help with health or other personal problems . The subject 's questions would then be given to Cayce , and Cayce would proceed with a reading .
Theobromine is an isomer of theophylline as well as paraxanthine .
Aydie is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Production was provided by Dr. Dre , Eminem , J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League , Jazze Pha , Lil Jon , and Polow da Don , among others .
Truman Capote introduced Monroe to Constance Collier , who gave her acting lessons .
It was introduced and used primarily during the Kamakura , Nanbokucho and early Muromachi periods .
An angel or star is often placed at the top of the tree , representing the host of angels or the Star of Bethlehem from the Nativity .
Clarksville is a city in Butler County , Iowa , United States , along the Shell Rock River .
The main languages spoken in Pretoria are Pedi , Afrikaans , Tswana , Tsonga , Zulu and English . Ndebele and Sotho are also widely spoken .
Since the development of methods of high-throughput production of gene and protein sequences during the 90s , the rate of addition of new sequences to the databases increases continuously .
Panjnad River is formed by successive confluence of the five rivers of Punjab , namely Jhelum , Chenab , Ravi , Beas and Sutlej .
The soundtrank contains songs from the film performed by various artists , as well as portions of the film 's score composed by Joel McNeely .
A short Polish-Lithuanian War erupted and for several days limited fights were fought for the control over Suwałki , Sejny and other towns in the area .
See the for instructions and discussions .
The Equilateral Arch gives a wide opening of satisfying proportion useful for doorways , decorative arcades and big windows .
He was very good at such gambling pursuits and was a naturally gifted athlete , attaining a Triple-A level as a baseball player in the minor leagues , once bowled a perfect game , and was a fine golfer .
It 's going to be extended towards Sant Boi , through Hospital Sant Joan de Déu .
In 1976 , Pavarotti debuted at the Salzburg Festival , appearing in a solo recital on 31 July , accompanied by pianist Leone Magiera .
Paul Steinitz is survived by his wife Margaret whom he married in 1976 , and by two sons and a daughter from previous marriages . Today Mrs Steinitz continues her husband 's work and has developed the London Bach Society to incorporate Steinitz Bach Players and an annual Bachfest , and she is Artistic Director .
It follows his 1798 writings , An Essay on the Principle of Population , which describes how unchecked population growth is exponential while the growth of the food supply was expected to be arithmetical , leading to a Malthusian catastrophe .
The island is situated 65 kilometres north-west of Townsville , on the east coast of Queensland , Australia 800 kilometres north of the Tropic of Capricorn .
George Robert Lazenby is an Australian actor and former model , best known for portraying James Bond in the 1969 film On Her Majesty 's Secret Service .
The Federalist Party was an American political party in the period 1792 to 1816 , the era of the First Party System , with remnants lasting into the 1820s .
Paterson knew that the film had to be about friendship and imagination .
In 1919 the anti-war socialists were heavily defeated in elections .
In the case of glass objects such as windows or windshields , the purpose can also be transparency .
It is a national holiday in Pakistan .
They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League , and play their home games at Ford Field in downtown Detroit .
The May Constitution of 1791 enfranchised the bourgeoisie , established the separation of the three branches of government , and eliminated the abuses of Repnin Sejm .
By the mid 1890s , it was the norm for players to wear gloves in the field .
Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Everman left immediately after Soundgarden completed its promotional tour for Louder Than Love in mid-1990 and Soundgarden found Yamamoto 's ultimate successor , bassist Ben Shepherd .
Tropical Storm Melissa was the thirteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
It was part of greater Comilla District until 1984 .
Remarkably , he became perhaps the finest comparative anatomist of the latter 19th century .
Alpine skiing also called downhill skiing .
The community was first settled in 1800 after it was determined by Sir John Graves Simcoe , governor of what was then known as Upper Canada , that the area would make a good townsite .
The undertail coverts are predominately white .
There really are no points for being first ; being the author of the best and most neutral content will earn you far greater kudos .
Because it is located east of the Snowy Mountains , the rain-bearing westerly winds deposit rain and snow on the mountains leaving the Monaro region in a rain shadow .
Sweet sorghum syrup is known in some parts of the United States as molasses , though it is not true molasses .
Hudson and Hudson Beach are located at .
It was the birthplace of Eugène Delacroix , one of the most important of the French Romantic painters .
Besides this relationship to Dulness , the general satire of the play is more similar to Gay 's Beggar 's Opera than the other works produced by the Scriblerus Club .
The word `` Tizimin '' means `` tapir '' in the Maya language . With the Spanish conquest of Yucatán , Tizimín was established as a Spanish colonial town in 1544 .
It is on the High Barnet branch of the Northern Line , between Highgate and Tufnell Park .
Fibulae replaced straight pins that were used to fasten clothing in the Neolithic period and Bronze Age .
When India became independent in 1947 , the city was incorporated into Bombay State .
The arrondissement of Largentière is an arrondissement of France , located in the Ardèche département , in the Rhône - Alpes région .
Its sole species , Opabinia regalis , is known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia .
There was also a February 2 , 2007 press release .
First , align the leftmost 1 on the C scale with x on the LL scale .
The whole game reveals to be a tale which Daxter told Jak , and his friends , at the bar .
Using poisoned arrows , Artemis killed Niobe 's daughters and Apollo killed Niobe 's sons , while they practiced athletics , with the last to die begging their lives .
There always exists one hub known as the root hub , which is built into the host controller .
The province covers has an area of 1,157 km , and a total population of 200,695 .
This was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum .
Susanna returns to her room for some clothing in which to dress Cherubino .
Formed ćevapi are grilled .
A copy that is not `` Transparent '' is called `` Opaque '' .
It converts single values , ranges , as well as two - and three-dimensional measurements .
Brévonnes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The life cycle of organisms with `` alternation of generations '' is characterized by each phase consisting of one of two distinct organisms : a gametophyte , which is genetically haploid , and a sporophyte , which is genetically diploid .
The leu is the currency of Romania .
José Antonio Camacho Alfaro is a former Spanish football player and the current manager of CA Osasuna .
The new Japanese owners renamed it Mitsubishi Motors Australia Ltd .
Aschenbach follows the family to a café , where the mother notices him and moves herself in between Aschenbach and her son . The family moves onward to St Mark 's , with Aschenbach still following at a distance .
This issue is specific to Google Calendar users .
It was subsequently transferred to the Atlas V following concerns over the spacecraft 's aerodynamic properties during launch .
The private key is .
Commonly known as `` Dracula 's Castle '' , it is marketed as the home of the titular character in Bram Stoker 's Dracula .
The office of Governor-General was replaced by the office of President of Pakistan when Pakistan became a republic in 1956 .
The principles of the IPCC operation are assigned by the relevant WMO Executive Council and UNEP Governing Council resolutions and decisions as well as on actions in support of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change process .
Salem is a city in Fulton County , Arkansas , United States .
These doors prevent suicides , enable climate control in stations and prevent unauthorised access to restricted areas .
Meowth has appeared in the Pokémon Trading Card Game first in the Jungle series .
In 2004 , during the band 's final tour , many cities around the United States proclaimed a certain day to be `` Guided by Voices Day '' in that city .
The referendum , held on August 30 , gave a clear majority in favor of independence , rejecting the alternative offer of being an autonomous province within Indonesia , to be known as the Special Autonomous Region of East Timor .
Breeza is located on the Kamilaroi Highway and the North-west railway line , close to where it crosses the Mooki River .
During its boom times , Beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .
Erasmus rendered pithos as the Latin pyxis , meaning `` box '' .
In 1949 ceramic kettles , which ran on electricity , were first released .
Prunoideae , also called Amygdaloideae , has been considered a subfamily within the flowering plant family Rosaceae .
It reportedly silted at Hamilton Harbor on Bermuda .
The Turbostar was the first new train type to be introduced after the privatisation of British Rail , and is the most common type of diesel multiple unit .
FC Angusht Nazran is a Russian football club from Nazran .
According to the fictional universe first established by Slayer , the ` Buffyverse , ' Angel was born in 18th century Ireland .
These people still held regional power after the Xinhai Revolution . The Chinese civilians did not participate in the Xinhai Revolution ; therefore , after the Xinhai Revolution , there were no major improvements in their standards of living .
However , the West Midlands is not entirely urban ; Coventry is separated from the West Midlands conurbation by a stretch of green belt land roughly 15 m across known as the `` Meriden Gap '' , which retains a strongly rural character .
High defensive structures built by local noble families , few of which survive today , were frequently razed by fires , sometimes by royal decree .
Husri is a town and union council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Fictional Presidents who served between Nixon and Bartlet include one-term Democrat D. Wire Newman and two-term Republican Owen Lassiter .
The 1981 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1981 , and lasted until November 30 , 1981 .
This subtemplate calls to add trailing zeros .
Forming on October 30 from a mid-latitude cyclone in the north Pacific mid-latitudes , it moved over waters warmer-than-normal .
In written documents , Temerin is mentioned for the first time in 1332 in the receipt by the pope , issued to Laurentius de Temeri , parish priest , for the payment of pope 's tax . Temerin was part of Hungarian Kingdom until battle of Mohács in 1526 .
All stairwells and elevators from the 92nd floor up were rendered impassable , trapping 1,344 people .
The airport includes a small museum , a playcenter and a mini shopping center with 60 stores inside the main terminal .
It was celebrated on December 30 , developing several conferences and meetings about Leonese language .
Sorai argued for the opposite , allowing one to be enriched through music and poetry .
Natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes .
A lot of well-known Dutch people have a profile on Hyves . There are some politicians who have hyves , and singers use Hyves to promote themselves .
The biggest employer is the car producer Kia Motors .
They also established a particular color , red , as the color of Cincinnati , and they provide the ultimate origin for the use of `` Red Sox '' in Boston .
A red link , like this one , signifies a link to a page that does not exist in Wikipedia .
Long-bodied decapod crustaceans such as shrimp , prawns , crayfish and lobsters are alone in having reflecting superposition eyes , which also has a transparent gap but uses corner mirrors instead of lenses .
A country is a geographical region , often meaning a political division or state .
On 20 May 2008 , a fire broke out at the Philharmonie .
His academic work included pioneering contributions to the study of investment , monetary and fiscal policy and financial markets .
Switching to Ferrari in 2007 , Räikkönen became the highest paid driver in motor sport with an estimated wage of $ 51 million per year , in part because the previous highest paid driver , Michael Schumacher , had retired . In turn his move to Ferrari saw him secure his first Formula One World Drivers ' Championship , beating McLaren drivers Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso by one point .
The main religions are Catholicism and Protestantism .
As usual with dried herbs less of it is required when substituted in a recipe .
She died the day after her 97th birthday .
Following that , Kølig Kaj slowly disappeared , and he never really gained any success .
An alternative to feud was blood money , which demanded payment of some kind from those responsible for a wrongful death .
It first opened in 1959 .
Tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores .
Imps are often described as mischievous more than seriously threatening , and as lesser beings rather than more important supernatural beings .
The Latin Rite or Church is the largest and most widely known of the 22 Rites of the Catholic Church .
The star above represents the state as part of Brazil .
U Thant was re-appointed secretary-general of the United Nations by the General Assembly on December 2 , 1966 , on the unanimous recommendation of the Security Council .
He also rode in the Vuelta a España for the first time , collecting two stage victories and 33rd place overall .
Vysotsky was never enthusiastic about this term , however .
Produces a representation of a date .
He was an important supporter and the loyal friend of Gaius Julius Caesar as a military commander and administrator , being Caesar 's second cousin , once removed , by his mother Julia Antonia .
Adult Monarchs have been seen on a number of different nectar plants .
Simone wrote Four Women , a song about four different stereotypes of African-American women . .
Those of the genus Hyptiotes and the family Theridiosomatidae stretch their webs and then release them when prey strike them , but do not actively move their webs .
The APA journal that published the statement , American Psychologist , subsequently published eleven critical responses in January 1997 , several of them arguing that the report failed to examine adequately the evidence for partly-genetic explanations .
In 1281 Stevenage was granted a twice weekly market and an annual fair .
Madré is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Non-combatant members of the Order managed a large economic infrastructure throughout Christendom , innovating financial techniques that were an early form of banking , and building many fortifications across Europe and the Holy Land .
Doritos is a brand of flavored tortilla chips invented by Arch West and produced since 1964 by the American food company Frito-Lay .
Tropical Depression Eleven formed just southeast of Barbados on October 4 . It traveled across the Windward Islands , and was named Tropical Storm Iris while south of Puerto Rico on the 5th .
Their popularity grew rapidly and eclipsed that of the oiran .
His father had ambitions for him to become a concert pianist , and he studied at the conservatoire in Liège before going to the Paris Conservatoire in 1838 after private studies with Anton Reicha for a year .
From 1957 to 1961 , he was Burma 's permanent representative to the United Nations and became actively involved in negotiations over Algerian independence .
It is located 3 km southeast of the town of Lenzburg .
She was the second child of the feminist philosopher , educator , and writer Mary Wollstonecraft , and the first child of the philosopher , novelist , and journalist William Godwin .
There will also be a new train station built that will link to the broader public transport network with options to connect to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations .
The process of altering a source sound as it passes through the filter of the vocal tract creates the many different vowel and consonant sounds of the world 's languages as well as tone , certain realizations of stress and other types of linguistic prosody .
In England and Wales , this must be done within 42 days and a Stillbirth Certificate is issued to the parent .
Locomotives of Co-Co or Co Co wheel arrangement .
Magny-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
On 11 March 1990 , Lithuania became the first Soviet republic to declare independence .
The eruption killed 57 people , nearly 7,000 big game animals , and an estimated 12 million fish from a hatchery .
The remnant drifted east and then southeast before dissipating on June 12 .
Ulleungdo is a popular tourist site .
Among many volumes of poetry , and La Légende des siècles stand particularly high in critical esteem , and Hugo is sometimes identified as the greatest French poet .
Some seedless plants can also be considered annuals even though they do not grow a flower .
If you find any tricky cases then list them on the talk page of this template and you 'll get help .
An adit is a type of entrance to an underground mine which is horizontal or nearly horizontal .
During the struggle , Bane blinds Neo by cauterizing his eyes with a severed power cable . In spite of his blindness , Neo can see the glowing form of Smith and kills him .
The Short-beaked Echidna has a well-developed olfactory system , which may be used to detect mates and prey .
Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki : the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board , with Keres on top board ; Botvinnik protested and refused to play .
Maidstone is the county town of Kent , England , 32 m south-east of London .
Edward and his family risk their lives to protect her , but James tracks Bella to Phoenix where she is hiding and lures her into a trap by claiming he is holding her mother hostage .
Riboflavin has been used in several clinical and therapeutic situations .
Some of the boxes this template calls only handles images of max 52px width , thus that limitation also applies to this template or you will get ugly padding problems .
It is a fishing port located at the bottom of the gulf of the same name .
Vättern is also noted for its fishing , serving people in the nearby districts .
Liencourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He was awakened to this notion in the writings of Jonathan Edwards , Blaise Pascal , and C. S. Lewis , among others , and then found it throughout the Bible , for example ; ; ; among others .
It generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm .
He got some jobs in Asbury Park , New Jersey , playing at the Hongkong Inn , until a better player took his place .
Charles Monroe Tesreau was an American Major League Baseball player .
Lake Volta , the world 's largest artificial lake , extends through large portions of eastern Ghana and is the main source of many tributary rivers such as the Oti and Afram rivers .
Hooker visited Morocco from April to June 1871 , in the company of John Ball , George Maw and a young gardener from Kew , called Crump .
Boreanaz was born on May 16 , 1969 in Buffalo , New York and grew up in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where his father , Dave Roberts , was a weatherman for ABC-owned WPVI-TV channel 6 , and his mother , Patti Boreanaz , is a travel agent .
The extravagance of this event is still commemorated as the logo for Beechworth is a golden horseshoe .
It utilizes a wider court than singles matches : it includes the area in the alley , whereas singles does not .
Perlman has been a soloist for a number of movie scores , notably the score of the 1993 film Schindler 's List by John Williams , which subsequently won an Academy Award for best score .
Wesleyan University is a private liberal arts college founded in 1831 and located in Middletown , Connecticut .
Taipei County is located in northern Taiwan .
His Gedichte and ballads Männer und Helden tell of Britain 's glories in days gone by .
During her university years , she enrolled in Gekiga Sonjuku , a manga school founded by Kazuo Koike , mangaka of Crying Freeman and Lone Wolf and Cub .
Noise pollution concerns mean that increasing speed is becoming more difficult .
Bailleul-aux-Cornailles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Descended from the spoken Arabic brought to Egypt during the AD seventh-century Muslim conquest , its development was influenced mainly by the indigenous Copto-Egyptian language of pre-Islamic Egypt , and later by other languages such as Turkish , Italian , French and English due to trade and foreign occupation .
Forty-six thousand British troops , one-third of the total strength of the British Army , were deployed to assist with the invasion of Iraq and thereafter British armed forces were responsible for security in southern Iraq in the run-up to the Iraqi elections of January 2005 .
Dheri is a town and union council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
However , due to chronic inflation , coins below 1 peso are now rarely found .
The woman team , for instance , is in the first Bundesliga , the man team in the second .
The Volkswagen Golf is a compact car manufactured by Volkswagen since 1974 and marketed worldwide across six generations , in various body configurations and under various nameplates - as the Volkswagen Rabbit in the United States and Canada , and as the Volkswagen Caribe in Mexico .
Miskolc 's football team also got its name from Diósgyőr , since their stadium stands there .
It currently starts at Trafalgar Square and runs east to join Fleet Street at Temple Bar , which marks the boundary of the City of London at this point , though its historical length has been longer than this .
The knobbed whelk is the second largest species of busycon whelk , ranging in size up to 12 in .
German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun brought two 1930s vintage Nestler slide rules with him when he moved to the U.S. after World War II to work on the American space program .
Whereas Aras , Sally , and Terry chose to participate .
Joel de Oliveira Monteiro is a former Brazilian football player .
Stade du 4-Ao ût is a multi-purpose stadium in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso .
Fernando Rech was a Brazilian football player .
The British Rail Class 115 diesel multiple units were 41 high density sets which operated the outer-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe , Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line .
A twin is generally defined as one of two offspring produced in the same pregnancy and/or born at the same birth process , although people with unusually high genetical similarity also may be called twins although they may not be born at the same time , such as with monozygotic twins . Offspring that are not genetically identical but are born at the same time are called dizygotic twins .
The term Zakarid Armenia , is used to describe territories of Armenia given to the Zakarid-Mxargrzeli princes as a fief by Tamar , the queen of the Kingdom of Georgia .
It premiered on the Lifetime Television network in the US on June 19 , 2006 and was re-shown as a special on May 22 , by Christie Keith , June 19 , 2006 2008 .
The title of the psalm claims that it was written by King David after his battle with Goliath .
This was called Marti 's Fiesta , which is sadly no longer held due to lack of funds .
In February 2007 , Ken Livingstone signed a deal with Venezuela to provide cheaper oil for London buses .
Monceau-le-Waast is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The sedimentary rock can then be subsequently turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure , and the metamorphic rock can be weathered , eroded , deposited , and lithified , becoming a sedimentary rock . Sedimentary rock may also be re-eroded and redeposited , and metamorphic rock may also undergo additional metamorphism .
Young monitors may be more arboreal but adults mainly hunt on the ground preying mainly on arthropods but also taking small terrestrial vertebrates , ground birds , eggs and fish .
In 2009 , the clocks across the country were advanced by one hour on April 15 , 2009 .
Angina pectoris , commonly known as angina , is severe chest pain due to ischemia of the heart muscle , generally due to obstruction or spasm of the coronary arteries .
Annual production of Lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the Lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 Lego bricks .
Soulignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1961 , the Burmese government awarded him the title Maha Thray Sithu as a commander in the order of Pyidaungsu Sithu .
In April 1938 , by now retired from academia , Douglas was plucked from retirement by Taoiseach Éamon de Valera and again appointed to Seanad Éireann .
The small Spanish types are grown in South Africa , and in the southwestern and southeastern U.S. Prior to 1940 , 90 % of the peanuts grown in Georgia , USA were Spanish types , but the trend since then has been larger seeded , higher yielding , more disease resistant cultivars .
Cut marks found on the bones of wild deer , elephants , rhinoceroses and horses demonstrate that they were butchered .
Like Buffy , it was produced by Whedon 's production company , Mutant Enemy .
They rasp at the flesh using their radula , a rough tongue-like organ that has thousands of tiny denticles .
Huntingburg is a city in Dubois County , Indiana , United States .
Because images are combined additively , this arrangement allows vision under lower light levels .
After moving to the United States he continued his studies at Harvard University and the University of Chicago .
Stebbins is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Amărăştii de Jos is a commune in Dolj County , Romania .
The boundary between the SAL and the marine layer suppresses or `` caps '' any convection originating in the marine layer .
The formal name `` Nix '' , from the Greek goddess of darkness and night , and mother of Charon , was announced on June 21 , 2006 on IAU Circular 8723 , where the designation Pluto II is also given .
During the Battle of Hong Kong in World War II , Repulse Bay was an important strategic location .
In computing , the SSH File Transfer Protocol is a network protocol that provides file access , file transfer , and file management functionality over any reliable data stream .
Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line , and opened in 1893 .
Lichos is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
This broad definition would include newborns and other people who have not been exposed to theistic ideas .
They are directed by a Head of Police , chosen amongst the Commission agents of Police of career .
It features two new songs from Phil Collins and takes place during the song `` Son of Man '' from the first film .
Previous to this the club had been sponsored by Zoom Airlines , who were part-owned by club director John Boyle , and who retained advertising space on both the Davie Cooper Stand and the South Stand until they ceased trading in August 2008 .
He was required to live in Cambridge to be close to the campus and rented rooms at the Craigie House in the spring of 1837 , now preserved as the Longfellow National Historic Site .
His second record History was followed by a 2006 re-release of the originally independent album Sellout .
Long became the manager of Doom and led them to the World Tag Team Titles .
Avrupa Yakası was a popular sitcom in Turkey .
Cocu retired from the national team after that tournament , having appeared in all four of the Netherlands ' games .
Ziebach County was created in 1911 , and named for Frank M. Ziebach , a noted political figure in the Dakota Territory during the territorial period from 1861 to 1889 .
In the Earth , the lithosphere includes the crust and the uppermost mantle , which constitute the hard and rigid outer layer of the Earth .
Activated platelets excrete the contents of these granules into their canalicular systems and into surrounding blood . There are two types of granules :
Transportation systems from flight to automobiles increasingly use embedded systems .
A polar low is a small-scale , short-lived atmospheric low pressure system that is found over the ocean areas poleward of the main polar front in both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres .
To enhance students ' interest and ability in English , the school offers Script-writing Courses , English Tutorial Class , English Drama Competition , Form 1 Bridging Programme , Lyrics-writing Course , English Immersion Speech Competition , Interviewing Tourists , English Phonetics Class , English Enhancement Course , Summer English Class , Overseas Immersion Course , Summer English Camp for senior form students , Summer English Day Camp for junior form students , Intra-school and English Musicals .
In the basic standing position , both partners stand facing each other .
San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south-western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S. state of Texas .
Started in 1999 as nba.com tv , the channel , which had its studios at NBA Entertainment in Secaucus , New Jersey , began a multi-year deal with American television companies Cox Communications , Cablevision , and Time Warner on June 28 , 2003 , allowing the network to expand to 45 million American homes , and 30 different countries .
Birchbark is used to make particularly fine tar , known as `` Russian oil '' , suitable for leather protection .
Opened with the first stage of the line in 1968 , the depot is next to Northumberland Park railway station , on Tottenham Marshes , Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey .
Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning `` The place where the sand washes down the hill '' .
These are the people who played or served the BC Lions in a big way .
There is also an interchange with the Thousand Islands Parkway on the Ontario side .
The first one is spiny and the second is soft .
From the day of its initial release and up until mid-November 2006 , Halo 2 was the most popular video game on Xbox Live , even after the release of the Xbox 360 ; its position was eventually surpassed in 2006 by the 360-exclusive Gears of War . Halo and Halo 2 are still some of the most played games for the Xbox console .
After touring in support of The Unraveling , the band returned to the studio in December 2002 to work on their second full-length , Revolutions per Minute , which was released in 2003 .
Now any visitor can see these items , although in very dim light to protect the relics , and many Muslims make a pilgrimage for this purpose .
The game is also called cheok-sa or sa-hee .
Stephan Engels is a former German football player and manager .
The Wawel Dragon , also known as the Dragon of Wawel Hill , is a famous dragon in Polish folklore .
She has won awards for her performance in the 1991 film Rambling Rose , for which she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress in a Leading Role .
Comps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The dead bark and fallen branches are also flammable .
The -600 , -700 , and -800 series were planned .
Custer 's Revenge is a pornographic video game made for the Atari 2600 by Mystique , a company that produced a number of adult video game titles for the system .
Queen Sophie was a loving mother , nursing her children personally during their illnesses .
The World Health Organization estimates that it accounted for 15 % of blindness cases in 1995 , but only 3.6 % in 2002 .
Flagstaff is the county seat of Coconino County .
Gabe Witcher is an American fiddle player and singer , possibly best known for being a member of Chris Thile 's band , Punch Brothers .
The remaining party then goes to Tethe'alla to find answers , where their goal ultimately changes to saving the two worlds . In order to do this , they decide that they must sever the ties between Sylvarant and Tethe'alla to separate the worlds , thus ending the competition for mana .
It takes place in an alternate history of the American frontier in the early 19th century , to some extent based on early American folklore and superstition .
Australia 's claim to sovereignty over the Australian Antarctic Territory is recognized by the United Kingdom , New Zealand , France and Norway .
The mission was added to the NRHP in 1973 , today only a cemetery remains .
Crystalline rocks with obsidian 's composition include granite and rhyolite .
He was a Freemason but also an outstanding Orangeman , becoming Grandmaster of the Orange Order of British North America , 1870 - 1878 .
In 1798 Stans was stormed by French troops , following the decision of Nidwalden not to adopt the constitution of the Helvetic Republic .
She later wrote about witchcraft accusations in her book for young readers , The Witchcraft of Salem Village .
The condition attached to the construction was that the Devil would get the soul of the first to pass over the bridge .
When investigating possible cases of COI editing , Wikipedians must be careful not to of other editors .
The head of government is the Prime Minister Patrick Manning .
Three hurricanes affected St. Kitts and Nevis in 1772 .
Angela Beesley Starling is a British Internet entrepreneur .
Safenwil is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Their eggs could survive out of the water , allowing amniotes to branch out into drier environments .
Ophiuroids may also prey on small crustaceans or worms .
Eurydome , also known as , is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
Wissignicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Cloud Cult is an experimental indie rock band from Minneapolis , Minnesota led by singer/songwriter Craig Minowa .
This navigational box related to cycling uses and .
Super Cheap Auto is an Australian-based automotive retailer .
Eppenberg-W öschnau is a municipality in the district of Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Where a cryptosystem is marked with '' '' , RC4 is one of several ciphers the system can be configured to use .
The UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup was a football club competition contested annually by the most recent winners of all European domestic cup competitions .
She dissolves into a golden shower of light .
Thus , some flags were in slightly different colors and had the `` C '' wholly within the center stripe .
The company is known for large , upscale retail outlets , many of which contain a café serving Starbucks Coffee , and for competitive discounting of bestsellers .
By specifying either `` Disused '' or `` Historical , '' you make invoke those sets of templates instead of the templates for active lines .
Jastrzębie Zdrój is a city in south Poland with 94,072 inhabitants .
Some rockets use heat or pressure that is supplied from a source other than the chemical reaction of propellant , such as steam rockets , solar thermal rockets , nuclear thermal rocket engines or simple pressurized rockets such as water rocket or cold gas thrusters .
The larger the polar moment of inertia , the less the beam will twist , when subjected to a given torque .
Delitzsch is a German city in Saxony , near Leipzig .
Peter Dennis Blandford `` Pete '' Townshend is an English rock guitarist , vocalist , songwriter and author , known principally as the guitarist and songwriter for The Who , as well as for his own solo career .
In early December they played a co-headlining show with Deadman .
Final Fantasy IX was developed alongside Final Fantasy VIII , but took a different path to return to the series ' roots with a more traditional fantasy setting . Consequently , Final Fantasy IX was influenced heavily by the original Final Fantasy game , and features allusions to other titles in the series .
Granny Smith apples are widely recognized throughout the world and The Beatles ' Apple Records adopted a Granny Smith apple as its symbol .
Individuals with cystic fibrosis can be diagnosed prior to birth by genetic testing or in early childhood by a sweat test .
As in DNA replication , DNA is read from 3 ' 5 ' during transcription .
In the last two decades of his life , he often received requests for autographs from strangers , which he always sent .
George Ryan Ross III is an American guitarist , singer and songwriter most known for his work as the lead guitarist , lyricist and backup vocalist for the band Panic ! at the Disco , before his departure from the band in 2009 .
He was one of the founders and first President of the Royal Academy .
The Alaskan Malamute is a generally large breed of domestic dog originally bred for use as an Alaskan sled dog .
In June 2001 , the angle grew in intensity as the WWF storylines somewhat abated to make room for the central Invasion storyline .
From 17 July to 2 August 1945 , the victorious Allied Powers reached the Potsdam Agreement on the fate of postwar Europe , calling for the division of defeated Germany into four temporary occupation zones . These zones were located roughly around the current locations of the allied armies .
He was descended , through his mother , from the powerful and historically influential Alcmaeonid family .
Ashland Coal , Inc. was formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil . The privately held Arch Mineral Corporation merged with Ashland Coal , Inc. in July 1997 , creating the present-day company .
Ed Fishman thought of the idea to throw a comeback concert at Carnegie Hall .
The Renaissance was a period of cultural decay due to the poor rulership of the archbishops and poor conditions in the empire during the reign of Frederick IV .
Originally holding the title and style of a prince of Greece and Denmark , Philip renounced these royal titles before his marriage , and was thereafter created as a British duke , amongst other noble titles . It was not , however , until the Queen issued Letters Patent in 1957 that Philip was again titled as a prince .
Associazione Calcio Ancona is an Italian football club , based in Ancona , Marche .
It seems to belong to a group all of its own , with semi-major axis ~ 30 G and inclination ~ 160 .
In baseball statistics , a hit , also called a base hit , is credited to a batter when the batter safely reaches first base after hitting the ball into fair territory , without the benefit of an error or a fielder 's choice .
James Challis FRS was an English clergyman , physicist and astronomer .
The males can leap over 9 m in one leap .
Hippolyta refuses but Hera possesses her .
In order not to leave Lindoro alone with Rosina , the doctor has Figaro shave him . .
The high level platforms are above the low level ones and run at right angles to them , roughly east-west . The lines to the old platforms 1 & 2 pass beneath the High Level station .
Among such historical treasures , Seokguram grotto , Bulguksa temple and Gyeongju Historic Areas are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
As of 2000 , the population was 19,799 .
In 1929 , Holiday 's mother discovered a neighbor , Wilbert Rich , in the act of raping her daughter ; Rich was sentenced to three months in jail .
Nolina , Beaucarnea , and Dasylirion are sometimes recognized as Nolinaceae or placed in Ruscaceae .
Gland is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Neither of the two administrations that preceded the Free State , the Ministry of the Irish Republic and the Provisional Government of Southern Ireland , included an office corresponding to deputy prime minister . In 1937 , when the new Constitution of Ireland came into force , the office of Vice-President of the Executive Council was replaced with that of Tánaiste .
The tubes of all albatrosses are along the sides of the bill , unlike the rest of the Procellariiformes where the tubes run along the top of the bill .
It is currently not known how long gestation is for Gilbert 's potoroo , but it is estimated to be similar to the Long-nosed Potoroo 's length of 38 days .
Originally , she was paired with Essa Rios , but she achieved her greatest push alongside Matt and Jeff Hardy as Team Xtreme .
When this is the case , the rocks may exhibit a variety of sedimentary features .
Zinda Laash is a 1967 Pakistani Urdu feature film , directed by Khwaja Sarfraz .
This classification has been revised several times in the last few decades .
Bedigliora is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Many other camellias are grown as ornamental plants for their flowers ; about 3,000 cultivars and hybrids have been selected , many with double flowers .
San Cristóbal is a province in the southern Dominican Republic , west of the capital Santo Domingo . It was originally named ` Trujillo ' after its founder , dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo , taking its present name after his assassination in 1961 .
As they are considered important to the Muslim community , mosques , like other places of worship , can be at the heart of social conflicts .
It was also voted fifth in the BBC 's `` Britain 's Best Sitcom '' poll in 2004 .
The Federalists controlled the federal government until 1801 .
This system of replicating clays and their metabolic phenotype then evolved into the sulfide rich region of the hotspring acquiring the ability to fix nitrogen .
King of the Klondike or The Argonaut of White Agony Creek is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa .
Ironically , Hitler attended performances that included Jewish and foreign singers , long after they had been banned from all other venues across Germany .
Provinces are further divided into communes , which are governed by municipalities .
Another possibility is that there was a slowing of thermohaline circulation .
We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free software , because free software needs free documentation : a free program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the software does .
He is the Member of Parliament for East Surrey .
The Fox and the Hound premiered in theaters on July 10 , 1981 .
Linghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The fancy rat is a domesticated brown rat , which is the most common type of pet rat .
In antiquity it was often simply a wooden board on which the dead was placed , covered with a shroud .
Guys and Dolls is a musical , with the music and lyrics written by Frank Loesser and book by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows , based on `` The Idyll of Miss Sarah Brown '' and `` Blood Pressure '' , two short stories by Damon Runyon .
Similar events in the houses of Reuss and Schwarzburg led to all of Thuringia becoming a tangle of mini-states from the late 15th Century until the early 20th Century .
In Gothic Architecture the pointed arch is used in every location where a vaulted shape is called for , both structural and decorative .
In 1951 , American astronomer Harlow Shapley announced that Proxima Centauri was a flare star .
The particular plant used is usually not important to the end products , but it does affect the processing of the raw material .
Each team may select a captain , who has the `` sole privilege of discussing with the Referee any questions relating to interpretation of rules which may arise during the progress of a game '' .
Sake is also referred to in English as rice wine .
Upon his death in 1885 , his 23-year-old son Walter took over and continued the competition with the old Philharmonic .
Smurfette is a female character from the Smurfs .
He published his theory with compelling evidence for evolution in his 1859 book On the Origin of Species .
Belly dance is a Western term for traditional Middle Eastern dance styles , especially raqs sharqi .
In this version of the fable , a character named Moneke is the son of Martin the Ape .
Griffith Park is separated from the rest of the Santa Monica Mountains to the west by the Cahuenga Pass , over which the 101 Freeway passes from the San Fernando Valley into Hollywood .
The Emperors during this time , which spanned the Meiji , Taishō and Shōwa eras , are now known in Japan by their posthumous names which coincide with those era names : Emperor Meiji , Emperor Taishō , and Emperor Shōwa .
The Cloverleaf Quasar is a bright , gravitationally-lensed quasar .
The Mintaka Pass was the main one used in ancient times until the fairly recent advance of glacier ice .
The state University of Ouagadougou was founded in 1974 .
Yoshiaki Sato is a former Japanese football player .
The liquid outer core surrounds the inner core and is believed to be composed of iron mixed with nickel and trace amounts of lighter elements .
Most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other .
The `` Dante Club '' , as it was called , regularly included William Dean Howells , James Russell Lowell , Charles Eliot Norton and other occasional guests .
Christianity also continued other Judaic practices : baptism , liturgical worship , including the use of incense , an altar , a set of scriptural readings , use of sacred music in hymns and prayer , and a religious calendar .
Among the Turkish organizations the `` Federation of Turkish-Islamic Associations '' is controlled by the Directorate for Religious Affairs , whereas the other groups , such as the Süleymancıs and Milli Görüş , may be considered as branches of the pan-European organization centered in Germany .
She was also unaware at the time that the re-move was caught on tape by a television crew .
UK because of a naming conflict with another band .
The treatment for the music video was percussionist Shawn Crahan 's idea , Crahan calls the music video a `` short film '' and admits that it was a `` very '' expensive video .
The Golden Gloves is often the term used to refer to the National Golden Gloves competition , but it also can represent several other amateur tournaments , including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the Intercity Golden Gloves , the Chicago Golden Gloves , and the New York Golden Gloves .
The population was 272 at the 2000 census .
In 2008 , as a Senior , Ringer was a Heisman Trophy candidate .
Joseph Patrick Mauer is a Major League Baseball catcher for the Minnesota Twins .
Solomon Sebastian `` Sol '' Davis is an English footballer , who plays for to English club Kettering Town on loan from Milton Keynes Dons .
It was Chacornac 's discovery that was announced first .
Jay-Z co-owns The 40/40 Club and the NBA 's New Jersey Nets and is also the creator of the clothing line Rocawear .
In 1952 , he was given his own comic book series , Uncle Scrooge , which still runs today .
For the first four seasons , Sorkin wrote almost every episode of the series , occasionally reusing plot elements , episode titles , character names , and actors from his previous work , Sports Night , a sitcom in which he began to develop his signature dialogue style of rhythmic , snappy , and intellectual banter .
It took place on April 3 , 2005 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California .
Squash are represented frequently in Moche ceramics .
She was featured in the annual Maxim `` Hot 100 '' list in 2002 , 2003 , 2005 and 2008 and in FHMs `` 100 Sexiest Women '' of 2005 .
The Liebestod can be performed either in a purely orchestral version , or with a soprano singing Isolde 's vision of Tristan resurrected .
Nevertheless , Lee 's invasion of Maryland was ended , and he was able to withdraw his army back to Virginia without interference from the cautious McClellan .
He was promoted to the position of Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and International Organizations in 1995 and then appointed National Security Advisor to the President in 1996 .
On the establishment of the Commune , she joined the National Guard .
Its local name in the Greenlandic language is Erfalasorput , which means `` our flag '' , but Aappalaartoq is also used for both the Greenlandic flag and the Dannebrog .
The second understudy will only perform if both the principal actor and the first understudy are unable to perform .
The World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Wrestling Entertainment .
The Yellowstone River flows northward through Yellowstone National Park , feeding and draining Yellowstone Lake , then dropping over the Upper and Lower Yellowstone Falls at the head of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone within the confines of the park .
A liturgy is a set form of ceremony or pattern of worship .
Included are well-known plants such as the fig , banyan , breadfruit , mulberry , and Osage-orange .
The cello is a bowed string instrument .
The FIFA Women 's World Cup is recognized as the most important International competition in women 's football and is played amongst women 's national football teams of the member states of FIFA , the sport 's global governing body .
The Belgium national football team is the national football team of Belgium and is controlled by the Belgian Football Association .
Abalone may only be taken from April to November , not including July . Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell .
Under the Northwest Ordinance , a territory could apply for statehood once it had surpassed 60,000 inhabitants .
A good definition is not circular , a one-word synonym or a near synonym , over broad or over narrow , ambiguous , figurative , or obscure .
Made in Heaven is the fifteenth and final studio album by British rock group Queen , released in November 1995 .
The output from these devices is input for the computer .
The brown huntsman spider , Heteropoda venatoria , is found in many tropical and subtropical parts of the world , including Asia , some Mascarene and Caribbean islands , the Southeastern US , and Australia .
Nights in summer can be cool , but in winter the region is the coldest part of mainland Australia outside the Alps , with July minima averaging -0.3 C in Canberra and -1.5 C in Bombala .
That exemplar is known as the archetype .
It had been prophesied that Metis would bear children more powerful than the sire , even Zeus himself . In order to forestall these dire consequences , after lying with Metis , Zeus `` put her away inside his own belly ; '' he `` swallowed her down all of a sudden . ''
As successful as he was at club level , Weah was not able to bring over that success to the Liberian national team .
The Board voted against his idea , but it also voted against the idea that public money should be used to support students attending church schools .
English has a strong presence among the educated people .
A surface low pressure area developed on September 8 in the Gulf of Mexico .
Monza is the third-largest city of Lombardy and the most important economic , industrial and administrative center of the Brianza area , supporting a textile industry and a publishing trade .
He wore the jersey number `` 1 '' . .
Before the founding of Russellville , there was a small town located on the Arkansas River directly south of what is now Russellville .
The Barossa Valley is a major wine-producing region and tourist destination of South Australia , located 60 km northeast of Adelaide . It is the valley formed by the North Para River , and the Barossa Valley Way is the main road through the valley , connecting the main towns on the valley floor of Nuriootpa , Tanunda , Rowland Flat and Lyndoch .
Thimister-Clermont 73 .
Often teen idols are actors or pop singers , but some sports figures have an appeal to teenagers .
A qualified pilot , Foster flies his own private jet and helicopter between his home above the London offices of Foster + Partners , as well to his homes in France and Switzerland .
His string of hits continued with 1994 's The Specialist .
During an observation on March 25 , 1917 , 8 Flora was mistaken for the star TU Leonis , which led to that star 's classification as a U Geminorum cataclysmic variable star .
It connects the sheltered waters of West Bay to the open Gulf of Mexico .
In computer engineering , out-of-order execution is a paradigm used in most high-performance microprocessors to make use of instruction cycles that would otherwise be wasted by a certain type of costly delay .
The subsidiary Laing Rail owned and operated Chiltern Railways and was joint operator of London Overground and Wrexham & Shropshire .
The Rough-toothed Dolphin is a fairly large dolphin that can be found in deep warm and tropical waters around the world .
Chanakya has been considered as the pioneer of the field of economics and political science , having first written about the subject a millennium and a half before Ibn Khaldun 's Muqaddimah . .
The gorges of the Ardèche region are home to numerous caves , many of them having some geological or archaeological importance .
And it looks really great to me .
Goult is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Nobuyuki Kato is a former Japanese football player .
Frederick John Inman was an English actor who was best known for his role as Mr. Humphries in Are You Being Served ?
It is the support town for the large Australia ski resort Mt Buller .
Pears was co-librettist for A Midsummer Night 's Dream , and created one of his few comic roles in it : As Flute the Bellows-mender he performed a drag parody of Joan Sutherland in the mad scene of Lucia di Lammermoor .
This should just be the title of the fix page , unlinked .
Notable personalities from the town include German footballer Dietmar Hamann .
Child pornography is a multi-billion dollar industry and among the fastest growing criminal segments on the internet .
Since 1963 , the program has continued at Kostroma Moose Farm , which had a herd of 33 tame moose as of 2003 .
However , other Protestants supported the stance taken by the Catholics , and in 1617 , Ferdinand was duly elected by the Bohemian estates to become the Crown Prince , and automatically upon the death of Matthias , the next King of Bohemia .
Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications , known as Digital European Cordless Telephone until 1995 , is an ETSI standard for digital portable phones , commonly used for domestic or corporate purposes .
The word has many uses in the English language , popularly meaning `` knowledge of the paranormal '' , as opposed to `` knowledge of the measurable '' , usually referred to as science .
Myrmecophiles may have various roles in their host ant colony . Many consume waste materials in the nests , such as dead ants , dead larvae , or fungi growing in the nest .
Burnside is a particularly affluent area of South Lanarkshire .
As an individual , apart from various awards associated with his albums and singles , Gordon Lightfoot has received sixteen Juno Awards - for top folk singer in 1965 , 1966 , 1968 , 1969 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 and 1977 , for top male vocalist in 1967 , 1970 , 1971 , 1972 and 1973 , and as composer of the year in 1972 and 1976 .
He served as a United States Representative from 1835 to 1836 , the 60th Governor of South Carolina from 1842 to 1844 , and United States Senator from 1857 to 1860 .
In 1959 , Young met Astrid Mead while on assignment in British Columbia and , soon after , he and his wife separated .
In November 2008 , 13 years after his disappearance , he was officially declared presumed deceased .
Our 0.95 confidence interval becomes :
Lesmont is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
Also a chimerical figure may be present ; it appears to have the lower body of a woman with the upper body of a bison .
JBL 's employee Shawn Michaels accompanied him to the ring .
The Fox and the Hound 2 is a 2006 direct-to-video midquel to the 1981 Disney animated film The Fox and the Hound .
GMR was simultaneously and independently discovered by Albert Fert from the Université de Paris Sud . It has been used extensively in read heads of modern hard drives .
Siblingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Pluto received every vote .
Many classical rondos feature music of a popular or folk character .
Monroe was replaced by Lee Remick , and when Dean Martin refused to work with any other actress , he was also threatened with a lawsuit .
Keymer is a village in the Mid Sussex District of West Sussex , England .
Suttungr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,667 Mm in 1029.703 days , at an inclination of 174 to the ecliptic , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.131 .
I 'm not looking for anything to top this .
Stevens currently lives in Kensington , Brooklyn , in New York City , where he makes up the Asthmatic Kitty Records staff of the Brooklyn office .
The player may move between squares at will to reach the other areas , though some are only accessible via methods such as boarding certain vehicles or using teleportation .
They are also used in advertising , publicity , and for branding purposes .
This can not be literally true , but it is close enough to be memorable .
In addition to Tibetans and related peoples , Tibetan Buddhism is a traditional religion of the Mongols and their relatives .
Kurt Gödel was an Austrian-American logician , mathematician and philosopher .
Other times the secret would be about something they were there to do .
Originally the name was given to forward players who went up and down the sides of the rink .
He also has three other children from previous relationships , whose existence was only publicly revealed during the 2008 mayoral election .
One of these characters generally breaks off and the remaining character is then joined by another character , who initiates another conversation as they continue walking .
Foster was born in Reddish , Stockport , England , to a working-class family .
Oklahoma City , the state 's capital and largest city , had the largest metropolitan area in the state in 2007 , with 1,269,907 people , and the metropolitan area of Tulsa had 905,755 residents .
In 1912 control was transferred to Shi Liangcai .
There had also been bitter enmity between Saddam and Khomeini since the 1970s .
The Government is headed by a Minister-President , who acts as the `` prime minister '' of the Community , and is assisted by the Ministry of the German-speaking Community .
The Falkland Islands are an archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean , located about 300 m from the coast of mainland South America , 700 m from mainland Antarctica , and 3800 m from Africa . The two main islands are East Falkland and West Falkland , and there are 776 smaller islands .
Following Monroe 's success in these roles , Hyde negotiated a seven-year contract for her with 20th Century Fox , shortly before his death in December 1950 .
Product failure ranges from failure to sell the product to fracture of the product , in the worst cases leading to personal injury , the province of forensic engineering .
British merchants carrying no opium would buy tea in Canton on credit , and would balance their debts by selling opium at auction in Calcutta . From there , the opium would reach the Chinese coast hidden aboard British ships then smuggled into China by native merchants .
US Route 29 runs through Central Gwinnett through Lawrenceville .
The traditional clothing of the first Syrian immigrants in the United States , along with their occupation as peddlers , led to some xenophobia .
In 1955 , she sang the part of the Marschallin in Der Rosenkavalier for the first time ; it was a performance to celebrate the opening of the restored Vienna State Opera House .
The team played in the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union , which later became the CFL 's east division .
Most historical Muslim governors were called sultans or amirs , and gave allegiance to a caliph , but at times had very little real authority .
Different types of material can be stained by different substances , and stain resistance is an important characteristic in modern textile engineering .
Hurricane WatchHurricane conditionspossible within 48 hours .
Early on September 1 , it was named Tropical Storm Felix , and it was upgraded to a hurricane later that day .
The sports days take places on the Yuen Wo Road Sports Ground .
Guantánamo Bay is a bay located in Guantánamo Province at the southeastern end of Cuba .
Salt flavor is one of the basic tastes , making salt one of the oldest , most ubiquitous food seasoning .
When the Survivors got back to camp , Sally and Terry continued their efforts to break the Casaya alliance .
Schalkau is a town in the district of Sonneberg , in Thuringia , Germany .
Tainan was established as the capital of Taiwan in 1661 and remained the capital until 1887 during the Qing Dynasty .
The essential oil of common thyme is made up of 20-54 % thymol .
Investiture , from the Latin is a rather general term for the formal installation of an incumbent in public office , especially by taking possession of its insignia .
Foncquevillers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
During medical school Jemison traveled to Cuba , Kenya and Thailand , to provide primary medical care to people living there . During her years at Cornell Medical College , Jemison took lessons in modern dance at the Alvin Ailey school .
The internal width of the overbridges was only 9 f , but the railway 's passenger carriages were 5 f wide , leaving less than 2 f clearance on either side , less than the minimum required clearance of 2 f. To alleviate this problem , McConnel proposed that the doors on one side of each carriage be permanently barred and the track slewed off-centre beneath the bridges to allow adequate clearance at least on the side with doors , which would allow passengers to get out of the carriages if the train stopped underneath a bridge .
After the war , the judges of the Nuremberg Trials declared part of the SS , the SD , a criminal organization responsible for the implementation of racial policies of genocide and committing war crimes and crimes against humanity .
As a disk imaging software , True Image can restore the previously captured image to another disk , replicating the structure and contents to the new disk , also allowing disk cloning and partition resizing , as well if the new disk is of different capacity .
Asson is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
He performed Sergei Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 3 in D minor at his graduation in 1919 .
There are hundreds of pool games .
It made landfall as a minimal typhoon September 16 .
Its main use is in the features service program ` Spotlight ' , which is produced jointly and widely broadcast on over sixty outlets globally .
In 1783 an Irish equivalent , The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick , was founded ; since the independence of the greater part of Ireland the Order has fallen dormant .
The wingspan of an airplane or a bird , is the distance from one wingtip to the other wingtip .
They were not ` built ' as such but rather re-formed from Class 201 and EPB vehicles for use on Reading-Redhill-Tonbridge services .
Normal users only see the red `` Page notice '' link on their own user and user talk basepage , since they can create and edit such notices .
Martin Gardner lets the first use of `` differential coefficient '' stand , along with Thompson 's criticism of the term as a needlessly obscure phrase that should not intimidate students , and substitutes `` derivative '' for the remainder of the book .
Only in 1990 , his reputation was finally rehabilitated by ICRC president Cornelio Sommaruga .
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
The initial release of the community project was a beta version of SUSE Linux 10.0 , and as of November 2009 the current stable release is openSUSE 11.2 .
On the showdown , each player plays the best poker hand they can make from the seven cards comprising his two hole cards and the five community cards .
Livet-en-Saosnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Slackware was created by Patrick Volkerding of Slackware Linux , Inc. in 1993 . The current stable version is 13.0 , released on August 26 , 2009 .
Like a Virgin is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna , released on November 12 , 1984 by Sire Records .
According to Le Prince 's son , Adolphe , it was filmed at Oakwood Grange , the home of Joseph and Sarah Whitley , in Roundhay , Leeds , West Riding of Yorkshire , England on October 14 , 1888 .
Mary was working alone , as Louis was ill in camp .
His language abilities allowed him to preach in English , French , and German , and his sermons were translated into over a dozen other languages .
Points are given to the winning conference at the end of each event .
Beaumont-sur-D ême is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Stalin had enjoyed Bulgakov 's work , The Days of the Turbins and found work for him at a small Moscow theater , and then the Moscow Art Theatre .
Since 1860 Hamburg had a constitution . Members of the Hamburg senate were elected by the Hamburg Parliamentnot coopted by the existing senate .
Psychedelic music covers a range of popular music styles , genres and scenes , that may include psychedelic rock , psychedelic folk , psychedelic pop , psychedelic soul , psychedelic ambient , psychedelic trance , and others .
In 2007 , she was cast in the animated comedy film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters as the teens ' mother , a giant burrito .
Opeth released its fifth studio album , Blackwater Park , on February 21 , 2001 .
Créteil is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
The bridge is administered by the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority , an international agency .
But as a result of his research during two years , he has collected only about one hundred words .
Charles ' interest in astronomy was stimulated by the appearance of the spectacular , great six-tailed comet in 1744 and by an annular solar eclipse visible from his hometown on 25 July 1748 .
Due to delays , however , Carlos Pacheco drew issues # 4-6 with Jones , and issue 7 was drawn entirely by Doug Mahnke .
While Councillors can draw on an Army security detail if they need personal protection , it is more usual to encounter them without any escort at all in the streets , restaurants and tramways of Bern . .
While the technologies used in computers have changed dramatically since the first electronic , general-purpose computers of the 1940s , most still use the von Neumann architecture .
V. A tropical storm struck South Carolina on October 6 .
Some adult films have been released on UMD in Japan .
His mother was a granddaughter of the fourth head of Yonezawa .
About 25 % of the species are oviparous ; the eggs are guarded by the female .
Adoration is to give homage or worship to someone or something .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth , and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
There are groups who now described their traditions as Pàganachd or the Irish version , Págánacht .
It was , arguably , a serious blow to the Catholic Church , and resulted in widespread persecution of minorities such as Jews , foreigners , beggars , and lepers .
When not playing a gig , he hung out at the local pool hall with other musicians where he picked up on upcoming play dates and gossip .
One movement remained in Qadian , and became known as the Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam ; the other was established in Lahore , and is known as the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement for the Propagation of Islam .
An example is its campaign in its first years against the new practice of employing young women as waitress in opium dens , which `` blurred the demarcation line between acceptable and unacceptable practices by putting waitresses in the ambiguous position of implicitly providing sex services in the opium dens .
Ken Naganuma was a Japanese football player and manager .
Leberkäse is said to have been invented in 1776 by the cook of Bavarian Duke Karl Theodor , although this story has been heavily contested .
Semione is a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Most other countries have their own regulations and list of food colors which can be used in various applications , including maximum daily intake limits .
The hobby was revived in 1976 with the formation of the English National Fancy Rat Society . Pet rats are now commonly available in stores and from breeders , and there exist several rat fancy groups worldwide .
A pound of dry saffron requires 50,000 - 75,000 flowers , the equivalent of a football field 's area of cultivation .
Hobart is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States .
Pacific Grove is known for its Victorian homes , Asilomar State Beach , its artistic legacy and the annual migration of the Monarch butterflies .
Criteriums are relatively easy to organize , do not require a large amount of space , and are good for live spectators as they allow them to see the riders pass by many times .
There is often a strong religious element to these studies and beliefs , and many occultists profess adherence to religions such as Gnosticism , Hermeticism , Luciferianism , Thelema , and Neopaganism .
Its main technical facility has been the Cheyenne Mountain Directorate , formerly Cheyenne Mountain Operations Center , of the Cheyenne Mtn . Air Force Station , Colorado ; and for this reason NORAD is sometimes referred to as Cheyenne Mountain .
Jamrud , is a town located in the Khyber Agency , one of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Henrique Hilário Meireles Alves Sampaio is a Portuguese footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Chelsea .
Due to the royal connections among the royal houses of Europe , Coburg was the site of many royal Ducal weddings and visits .
Each state has a Governor , appointed by the Queen , which by convention she does on the advice of the state Premier .
The town was originally called The Granites .
Cultural Center or Cultural Centre is an organization , building or complex that promotes culture and arts .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 to 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
According to Robert F. Collins of the United States Forest Service , Dr. Thomas Walker named the river , in 1750 , Louisa River , after Princess Louisa , the wife of Prince William Augustus , Duke of Cumberland .
The use of corporate-owned computers , networks , and software to harass an individual or spread inappropriate jokes or language creates a liability for not only the offender but also the employer .
Espiute is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It also reload Unlimited Services , Special Loads , and Value-Added-Service Subscriptions .
A hurricane formed over the Windward Islands on August 18 .
Flooding and debris flows could also have severe issues for the salmon fishery on the Squamish , Cheakamus , and Mamquam rivers .
Elisha Levy is a former professional football player and is currently manager of Israeli side Maccabi Haifa .
The town is located near the river Vire .
During the 19th century , the northern amateur popularist Elijah H. Burritt called the star Bungula , possibly coined from '' β '' and the Latin ungula .
The Brooklyn Bridegrooms started to use pinstriping in 1907 , 1916 and 1917 .
Until January 1 , 1978 the municipality was known as Seeheim ; after that it became known as Seeheim-Jugenheim .
In computer architecture and other digital systems , a waveform that switches between two voltage levels representing the two states of a Boolean value is referred to as a digital signal , even though it is an analog voltage waveform , since it is interpreted in terms of only two levels .
Timothy Francis `` Tim '' Robbins is an American actor , screenwriter , director , producer , activist and musician .
As thousands lost electrical power , the city experienced its worst blackout since Hurricane Betsy 40 years earlier .
The implication caused a chain of events , including a tainted presidential election that served as the catalyst for the People Power Revolution in February 1986 that led to his removal from power and eventual exile in Hawaii .
In 1505 Michelangelo was invited back to Rome by the newly elected Pope Julius II .
The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata .
In the center is a quartered shield , with each quarter containing a major crop of Pakistan at the time of its adoption : cotton , jute , tea , and wheat .
Long ago renowned for its splendor and magnificence , Ani has been abandoned and largely forgotten for centuries .
Finistère is the westernmost region of France .
In this and other tribes , the measure of manhood is actually associated more with the amount of ejaculate and his need than penis size .
Benny 's first sponsor was Canada Dry Ginger Ale from 1932 to 1933 .
It does best in bright , indirect lighting and temperatures above 15 C up to 25 C.
Several of the names in Kalevala are also celebrated as Finnish name days , although this has no direct relationship with the Kalevala itself .
`` Sunday school '' is the generic name for many different types of religious education pursued on Sundays by various denominations .
By clicking on the `` Add this page to your book '' link , the current page being viewed is added to the collection . To add another article , simply go to that article , and click on `` Add this page to your book '' again .
Shortly thereafter , a superior technique was discovered : two wooden halves were carved , a graphite stick inserted , and the two halves then glued togetheressentially the same method in use to this day .
Trapper John , M.D. featured the character of Trapper John McIntyre , played by Pernell Roberts , twenty-eight years after the events of the M \* A \* S \* H film and television series .
Initially , former-Emperor Fushimi administered the court up through the time he took the tonsure as a Buddhist monk , which happened after this nengō ended .
The German Workers ' Party was the short-lived predecessor of the Nazi Party .
The White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg , Russia is an annual international arts festival during the season of the midnight sun .
The term software development is often used to refer to the activity of computer programming , which is the process of writing and maintaining the source code , whereas the broader sense of the term includes all that is involved between the conception of the desired software through to the final manifestation of the software . Therefore , software development may include research , new development , modification , reuse , re-engineering , maintenance , or any other activities that result in software products .
From the early 15th to the late 16th century , Songhai was one of the largest African empires in history .
The Doctrine of Implied repeal is a concept in English constitutional theory which states that where an Act of Parliament conflicts with an earlier one , the later Act takes precedence and the conflicting parts of the earlier Act are repealed .
They also provide shelter against the weather .
At the reward challenge , the castaways were split into three teams , and Bruce , Aras , and Sally ended up victorious .
The gharial 's snout is narrow and long , with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries .
Nevertheless , the parent body was almost certainly disrupted by the impact/s that formed the family , and Flora is probably a gravitational aggregate of most of the pieces .
Historically significant impresarios in the traditional sense include Rudolf Bing , Sergei Diaghilev , Richard D'Oyly Carte , Fortune Gallo , and Sol Hurok .
By a quirk of history Correns was a student of Nageli , a renowned botanist with whom Mendel corresponded about his work with peas , but who failed to understand how significant Mendel 's work was .
In 1929 , numbers were first added on the backs of uniforms by the New York Yankees and the Cleveland Indians .
Tristan agrees to drink the potion , now prepared by Brangäne , even though he knows it may kill him .
Hart continued to refuse to drop the title to Michaels , offering to lose the title anywhere in the U.S. prior to Survivor Series or to surrender the title to McMahon on the episode of Monday Night Raw the day after Survivor Series , in Ottawa .
Norway won the most medals , the first time a country other than the USSR had done so since the USSR first entered the Winter Games in 1956 .
NSE is mutually-owned by a set of leading financial institutions , banks , insurance companies and other financial intermediaries in India but its ownership and management operate as separate entities .
The Hanseatic League was an economic alliance of trading cities and their guilds that established and maintained a trade monopoly along the coast of Northern Europe .
The most common shapes are called open-ended spanner and ring spanner . The term wrench refers to a type of adjustable spanner .
He is known as `` William Pitt the Younger '' to distinguish him from his father , William Pitt the Elder , who previously served as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Ramesses II sought to recover territories in the Levant that had been held by the 18th Dynasty .
The Sea of Monsters received generally positive reviews with reviewers praising the storyline , the themes and the author 's style of writing .
Another guest conducting engagement was in 1977 , when he became the first English conductor to appear at Bayreuth , where he conducted the opening opera of the festival , Tannhäuser .
Endemic to Papua New Guinea , the Curl-crested Manucode is distributed to the Trobriand Islands and islands of the D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago .
Robinson was not necessarily the best player in the Negro leagues , and black talents Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson were upset when Robinson was selected first .
George Edward Pope is a retired American soccer player who last played for Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer and spent 11 years as a defender for the United States national team .
While the scientific nomenclature of carbohydrates is complex , the names of carbohydrates very often end in the suffix - ose .
On 20 July 2007 , it was announced that Scottish Football League would be sponsored by Scottish soft drink Irn-Bru for the next three seasons .
In this taxonomic scheme moths belong to the sub-order Heterocera .
Binge drinking is the modern definition of drinking alcoholic beverages with the primary intention of becoming intoxicated by heavy consumption of alcohol over a short period of time .
In the summer , southerly winds dominate .
Panama is located in Central America , bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean , between Colombia and Costa Rica .
Barraute-Camu is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Administrators : CheckUsers are privy to confidential system logs not accessible by the public or administrators due to the Wikimedia Foundation 's , and therefore ' be consulted before this block can be removed .
Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers would not admit him to the grounds .
He is also known for his work as a social activist , particularly as an advocate for animal rights .
He then settled in the Avon Valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the Darling Range .
Common uses are anime otaku , cosplay otaku and manga otaku , pasokon otaku , gēmu otaku , and wota that are extreme fans of idols , heavily promoted singing girls .
Denis Joseph Savard is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Humboldt , Darwin , Wallace , Bates , Spruce - and Fritz Müller .
Giancarlo Marocchi is a former Italian footballer .
The Storypeople are a diverse group of familial characters who inhabit Storyland and there participate in various innocent vignettes inspired by the presents .
Argences is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
It is aimed at more mature music fans and recent headliners have included the Beastie Boys , Björk and Franz Ferdinand .
The term suggests that the fans are buying into what the wrestler is selling , meaning his character .
As well , art rock is `` not so much for dancing as for listening and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the lyrics . ''
You need to use three templates to create a squad list using this template : , and .
Any effort to extend it was halted by the growing cost of the Korean War and rearmament .
Italia 1 is an Italian commercial television station on the Mediaset network .
He was buried in Tallinn , his grave not too far away from that of another great name in chess , Paul Keres .
Coden is a small unincorporated fishing village near Bayou la Batre , Alabama , United States , approximately 20 miles southwest of Mobile .
The Sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as Marc-Andr é Hamelin .
Brancourt-en-Laonnois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Meanwhile , the `` Official Borat Homesite '' was moved to the .
It featured shoot interviews from his fellow wrestlers . According to Raw Exposed , WWF management gave all wrestlers on the roster the option of working or not .
Nuclear Nebraska : The Remarkable Story of the Little County That Could n't Be Bought is a 2007 book by Susan Cragin which follows the controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was planned for Boyd County , Nebraska .
Tod lures Copper 's owner , Slade , to the fair in a wild chase .
Together with Pier Gerlofs Donia , Jelckama fought against the Saxon warriors that occupied their homeland of Frisia , at the capture of Medemblik , and in the siege of Middelburg castle .
They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road , Cardiff Canton and Old Oak Common .
This would mark the first time in recorded history that two tropical cyclones have been seen during the same year in the South Atlantic , and may be considered to make up the 2003-04 South Atlantic hurricane season .
It is also designated Uranus XII .
Insectivorous insects , or insects which feed on other insects , are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures .
Yasuo Suzuki is a Japanese football player .
Despite its immense size , its thin and fragile jaws make it physically incapable and impossible to consume a large animal , especially a human being .
It was joined by pro-Pierre Mendès - France clubs and left-wing republican groups .
Wail al-Shehri was an al-Qaeda associate and hijacker on American Airlines Flight 11 , which was hijacked and flown into the World Trade Center as part of the September 11 attacks .
It has been singularly important in developing and collecting modernist art , and is often identified as the most influential museum of modern art in the world .
The shade of red used in the flag is approximated by RGB .
The title of Doge was used for the elected chief of state in a number of Italian `` crowned republics '' .
Finland is known as The Land of the Thousand Lakes , and the U.S. state of Minnesota is known as The Land of Ten Thousand Lakes .
So maybe someone would have to do a chopped and screwed version or something . ''
The episode deals with Marge becoming infatuated with Jacques .
Schwändi is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
At first , viewers did not respond to the new half-hour serial , but ratings picked up in its second year , eventually reaching the top spot in the daytime Nielsen ratings by the fall of 1958 .
He joined the first team at Beşiktaş in the 1997 - 98 season .
Both processes yield approximately 60 % vitamin C from the glucose feed .
Early processor designs would carry out all of the steps above for one instruction before moving onto the next .
He is best known for playing Mini-Me in the Austin Powers series of comedy films .
Peyzieux-sur-Sa ône is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Some of the computer models suggested the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west , which a few days later became Hurricane Epsilon .
Mickey Rooney is an American film actor and entertainer whose film , television , and stage appearances span nearly his entire lifetime .
The council changed the name of the local government district covering the city to Derry on 7 May 1984 , consequently renaming itself Derry City Council .
The use of English as a common language serves to bridge the gap between the diverse ethnic groups in Singapore .
Under standard assumptions a body traveling along this trajectory will coast to infinity , arriving there with hyperbolic excess velocity relative to the central body . Similarly to parabolic trajectory all hyperbolic trajectories are also escape trajectories .
The main town is Abingdon , other places include Faringdon and Wantage .
Between 1975 and 1989 he was music director of the Orchestre de Paris , where he conducted much contemporary music .
We all experience anxiety , unhappiness , heartbreaks , but that was sheer primal terror . ''
Some of the largest volcanoes on Earth are shield volcanoes .
As of the 2000 census , Sioux Falls had a population of 123,975 and a metropolitan area population of 187,093 .
Monchy-Cayeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools and are divided into two main categories : plutonic rock and volcanic .
Hammond organ players such as Jimmy Smith and Jack McDuff often performed and recorded in organ trios .
Unfortunately the rail line was closed in 1977 and dismantled , after 101 years of service .
The Grand Olympic Auditorium is the former name of a sports venue in Los Angeles , California , United States .
Pontin 's is a British holiday company founded in 1946 by Fred Pontin .
Several rebellions against the Japanese military administration took place in Api .
Kirilenko reached # 18 , her career-high singles ranking , on the WTA tour in July 2008 .
Movies.com described it as `` Madagascar meets Finding Nemo with The Lion King thrown in for effect . ''
As the studio discussed how to deal with the problem , Monroe suggested that she should simply admit that she had posed for the photograph but that she should emphasize that she had done so only because she had no money to pay her rent .
Warsaw has given its name to the Warsaw Confederation , Warsaw Pact , Warsaw Convention , Treaty of Warsaw and the Warsaw Uprising .
The stationary outlet also had curved guides .
Nowadays , Leonese can be studied in the most important villages of León , Zamora and Salamanca provinces in El Fueyu Courses , after the signing of an agreement between the Leonese Provincial Government and this organization .
It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
France is a secular country as freedom of religion is a constitutional right .
The United States is the second leading producer , with more than 7.5 % of the world production .
Willi Schulz is a former German international football player .
Lego Digital Designer is an official piece of Lego software for Windows and Mac OS X which allows users to build with Lego bricks on their computers . Users can then publish their creations online on the Lego Factory website , or purchase the physical bricks to build them .
The district is named after two rivers - the Elbe river forms the western border with Saxony , the Schwarze Elster is a tributary of the Elbe and runs through the district .
His father was a lawyer , and his maternal grandfather , Peleg Wadsworth , was a general in the American Revolutionary War and a Member of Congress .
When the league formed two conferences in 1974 , the cup transferred to the team that finished with the best regular season record in the Wales Conference , until 1981 , when the NHL changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , and the Prince of Wales Trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions .
The possibility of a Neptune Orbiter was discussed , yet other than that , no other missions have been given serious thought . As Neptune is a gas giant and has no solid surface , a surface mission such as a lander or rover is impossible .
In both Oxford and Cambridge , long 16 f poles tend to be used exclusively .
Since the late 1990s , Saudi authorities have started using fireproof tents to reduce the risks of a major fire .
Davros and the Daleks plan to destroy all creation with a `` reality bomb '' . The plan fails due to the interference of the Doctor , his companions and Caan himself , who has been manipulating events to destroy the Daleks after realizing the severity of the atrocities they have committed .
The enteric nervous system is a subdivision of the peripheral nervous system , that directly controls the gastrointestinal system .
Like other tree-kangaroos , Goodfellow 's Tree-kangaroo is quite different in appearance from terrestrial kangaroos .
Piyush Jindal was born on June 10 , 1971 , in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , to Indian immigrants Amar and Raj Jindal , who had arrived to attend graduate school at Louisiana State University .
Courtenot is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
On average , a person has about 11 litres of interstitial fluid , providing the cells of the body with nutrients and a means of waste removal .
He became a successful printer and editor with that newspaper , and later its owner .
As of software revision 21 , players can also store custom songs and play them on any machine on which this feature is enabled .
They are members of the Scottish Football League and play in the First Division following a last-minute reprieve from relegation to the Second Division after Livingston were demoted to the Third Division due to financial worries .
The population was 20,512 at the 2000 census .
When Hurricane Epsilon formed as a Tropical Storm on the November 29 , it was the first known time that 27 tropical or subtropical storms had formed in the Atlantic during one hurricane season .
Lady Margaret Beaufort , Countess of Richmond and Derby , was the mother of King Henry VII and grandmother of King Henry VIII of England .
This interpretation is supported by additional trace element data , but is also the subject of debate .
Joseph of Arimathea takes the body of Jesus , wraps it in a clean linen shroud , and places it in his own new tomb that had been carved in the rock in a garden near the site of crucifixion .
Gagarin then became deputy training director of the Star City cosmonaut training base .
Forcibly removes from the network .
The cover of the popular song Lili Marleen featured singer Lale Andersen holding a cigarette .
A part of the increase similarly comes from the possibility that multiple small transfers will combine into one large block .
The Nebula Award is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America , for the best science fiction/fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year .
On October 8 , 2005 , the region was severely hit by an earthquake , leaving many people homeless .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , wrestling on its SmackDown brand .
B channels are used for data , and D channels are intended for signaling and control .
The Lauraceae or Laurel family comprises a group of flowering plants included in the order Laurales .
The LLN was first proved by Jacob Bernoulli .
Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season gave rise to the colloquial usage of the terms mothballed and put into mothballs to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
Affluenza : When Too Much is Never Enough is a 2005 book by Professor Clive Hamilton and Richard Denniss .
Brouqueyran is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A May Day celebration held annually in New Westminster , British Columbia , Canada has the distinction of being the longest running May Day celebration of its kind in the British Commonwealth .
Sweden is today divided into 21 counties , and each county is further divided into municipalities .
Pentecostalism would later lead to the Charismatic movement .
The Papua New Guinea national football team is the national team of Papua New Guinea and is controlled by the Papua New Guinea Football Association .
The Controversy took its name from Spurgeon 's use of the term `` Downgrade '' to describe certain other Baptists ' outlook toward the Bible .
However , as a result of the Nazi-Soviet Pact of 1939 , the Soviet Union occupied Estonia and Tartu in 1940 .
ScienceWorld is an attempt by the same organization to do the same for science .
In 2001 , Whisenhunt was hired by the Steelers to coach their tight ends .
Metronet , one of the winners of the contract for PPP , subsequently went into administration in July 2007 .
Bold Jack Donahue is recorded as the last convict bushranger .
Key 103 is an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting to the city of Manchester and the north west of England .
He was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jimmu .
In 1962 he gave up writing for motion pictures when he became director of the Opéra National de Paris and then chairman of SACEM , the French Performing Rights Society .
The Return of Jafar is a 1994 American animated film that is a direct-to-video sequel to the 1992 animated film Aladdin , both produced by The Walt Disney Company .
Currently , 17 genera are described as sea snakes , comprising 62 species .
According to Graham Yost , the credited writer of Speed , Whedon wrote most of its dialogue .
Saint Dominic , also known as Dominic of Osma , often called Dominic de Guzmán and Domingo de Guzmán Garcés was the founder of the Friars Preachers , popularly called the Dominicans or Order of Preachers , a Catholic religious order .
In September 2009 , Warner Bros. announced that DC Comics would become a subsidiary of DC Entertainment Inc. , with Diane Nelson , president of Warner Premiere , becoming president of the new company and DC Comics publisher Paul Levitz stepping down and serving as a contributing editor and overall consultant .
In seventh grade , a teacher overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir ; Clarkson told the teacher that she had never received professional vocal training .
A similar disclosure had occurred earlier with RC4 .
Baseball teams often wore full-brimmed straw hats or no cap at all since there was no official rule regarding headgear .
He also was concerned with matters dealing with Bahá ' í belief and practice - as Guardian he was empowered to interpret the writings of Bahá ` u 'll áh and ` Abdu ` l-Bah á , and these were authoritative and binding . His leadership style was however , quite different than that of ` Abdu ` l-Bah á , in that he signed his letters to the Bahá ' ís as `` your true brother '' and he did not refer to his own personal role , but instead to the institution of the guardianship .
The Lord Mayor is the title of the Mayor of a major city , with special recognition .
Brown enjoys American fox hunting and is master of her Fox Hunt Club .
Charles Jules Henry Nicolle was a French bacteriologist who received the Nobel Prize in Medicine for his identification of lice as the transmitter of epidemic typhus .
Avessé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Human civilization is divided into four nations : the Water Tribes , the Earth Kingdom , the Air Nomads , and the Fire Nation .
Montfaucon is a commune in the Aisne département in Picardie in northern France .
Grünberg was born in Pilsen , Bohemia , which at the time was in the Nazi-occupied Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia to the Sudeten German family of Anna and Feodor A. Grünberg which first lived in Dysina to the East of Pilsen .
They also commonly eat berries , roots , leaves , grasses , fungi , and nuts .
It was a prototype vehicle rebuilt from a Class 421 driving trailer vehicle .
Maresville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The `` religious proselytes '' spoken of in Early Christian writings were righteous proselytes , as distinguished from gate proselytes .
Lulu has now married the Painter , who has been very successful since their marriage .
From its invention in 1656 by Christiaan Huygens until the 1930s , the pendulum clock was the world 's most accurate timekeeper , accounting for its widespread use .
Bais is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The bassist for these performances was Jason Everman .
In November , majority owner Stuart Sternberg made significant changes to his franchise 's image , changing the club 's name from the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to the `` Tampa Bay Rays '' , which he described as `` a beacon that radiates throughout Tampa Bay and across the entire state of Florida . ''
The Peterloo Massacre occurred at St Peter 's Field , Manchester , England , on 16 August 1819 , when cavalry charged into a crowd of 60,000 - 80,000 gathered at a meeting to demand the reform of parliamentary representation .
It is located in Abbottabad District , North West Frontier Province .
Tolstoy 's parents died when he was young , so he and his siblings were brought up by relatives .
Steckborn is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau , Switzerland .
The Classic Era ended earlier in Central Mexico , with the fall of Teotihuacan around the 7th century , than it did in the Maya area , which continued for centuries more .
Lebucquière is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hewes moved to Edenton , North Carolina at the age of 30 and won over the people of the state with his charm and honorable businesslike character .
Mab is heavily perturbed .
One of these stretches along Lake Constance in the north .
The population of the region as of the 2001 census was 8,000,550 , making it the most populous English region .
The XOR gate is a digital logic gate that implements exclusive disjunction - it behaves according to the truth table above . A HIGH output results if one , and only one , of the inputs to the gate is HIGH .
Teams from the same group or the same country can not be drawn together .
The Big Ten Conference is the United States ' oldest Division I college athletic conference .
Most pointe shoes are covered with satin , but some are available with canvas exteriors . Pointe shoes are most often available in light pink colors and less commonly in black or white .
Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling , Scotland , on the south bank of the River Teith , formerly of West Perthshire .
Afterward , the band took a slot opening for Guns N ' Roses in North America on the band 's Use Your Illusion Tour .
This template is specially built for fitting route map based on the route diagram template set into the infobox map parameter or anything like that , primarily for .
Mandaeans believe in marriage and procreation , and in the importance of leading an ethical and moral lifestyle in this world , placing a high priority upon family life .
Port 0 is reserved , but is a permissible source port value if the sending process does not expect messages in response .
A seismogram is a graph output by a seismograph . It is a record of the ground motion at a measuring station as a function of time .
Lithuania is a member of NATO , the Council of Europe , and the European Union .
It consisted mostly of Netscape employees but operated independently of Netscape .
Hopkinton is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
Alexander City is a city in Tallapoosa County , Alabama , United States .
The village is located above Lago di Vogorno , a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam .
It is known that he studied Tuscan poetry , at a time when the Sicilian School , a cultural group from Sicily , was becoming known in Tuscany .
May-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Fort Mitchell is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
Despite this , Cole continued to occasionally refer to Postl as `` Little Bastard '' .
There are plans to hold the festival annually .
Most bandleaders are also performers with their own band .
Such a pair is known in various terms as a pair of clash cymbals , crash cymbals , or plates .
Opal also caused heavy damage in the mid-Atlantic states before dissipating .
Néac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Air New Zealand Flight 901 was a scheduled Air New Zealand Antarctic sightseeing flight that operated between 1977 and 1979 , from Auckland Airport to Antarctica and return .
The final four teams lasted a while until Skull was eliminated by Phineas .
The southern states had , by far , the lowest median household income , with nine of the country 's fifteen poorest states located in the South .
The city 's population shrank dramatically during this period as the prominence of Kolkata rose , but substantive development and modernisation eventually followed .
Cambridge United Football Club is a professional football club from Cambridge , England .
Therefore it is also called a rotoinversion or rotary inversion .
Some elements of Sharia law were re-introduced , and the ritual phrase `` Allahu Akbar '' , in Saddam 's handwriting , was added to the national flag .
Alexander , who grew up in Renfrewshire , was chosen to contest the by-election and he was duly elected to serve as the Member of Parliament for Paisley South on 6 November 1997 .
Fillmore helped found the Buffalo Historical Society in 1862 and served as its first president .
The Sportpalast is most known for speeches and rallies that took place during the Third Reich , particularly Joseph Goebbels ' 1943 `` Total War speech '' speech .
Cigarette rations in the military were limited to six per soldier per day .
In 1609 Captain William Keeling was the first European to see the islands , but they remained uninhabited until the nineteenth century , when they became a possession of the Clunies-Ross Family .
He likes his black and white furry top hat , which he once lost and later found .
Loading a structural element or a specimen will increase the compressive stress until the reach of compressive strength .
In criminal law , rape is an assault by a person involving sexual intercourse with another person without that person 's consent .
Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
In 1946 he became an associate professor of economics at Iowa State College .
Ray did the scripting , casting , scoring , cinematography , art direction , editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material .
On October 15 , 1914 , immediately after the start of the war , the ICRC set up its International Prisoners-of-War Agency , which had about 1,200 mostly volunteer staff members by the end of 1914 .
The loss of Freyr 's sword has consequences .
Federation Square now occupies its site .
On 5 February 2007 , Apple Inc. and Apple Corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which Apple Inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` Apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to Apple Corps for their continued use .
Azula is fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series .
It can involve such subjects as magic , alchemy , extra-sensory perception , astrology , spiritualism , lithomancy , and numerology .
YouTube first appeared on the web in early 2005 , and it quickly gained popularity on MySpace due to MySpace users ' ability to embed YouTube videos in their MySpace profiles .
Lemon meringue pie is a type of baked pie , usually served for dessert , made with a pastry base usually shortcrust or shortbread pastry , lemon curd filling and a fluffy meringue topping .
Vratislav Lokvenc / vrah-tee-slav lock-vents / is a former Czech football striker , who last played for FC Ingolstadt 04 .
To remedy the defects revealed by the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts , Madison called for citizens to have an absolute right to free speech .
Saint-Georges-sur-Renon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
She also wants to avoid the marriage that her parents , Herodotus and Hecuba , have arranged for her with her childhood friend Perdicas .
Multicellular organisms are organisms that consist of more than one cell , and have differentiated cells that perform specialized functions in the organism .
In the United Kingdom , `` hot chocolate '' is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water , and powder containing chocolate , sugar , and powdered milk .
Two men are killed , but one escapes and flees the woods .
The video reached number four on BET 's 106 & Park and remained on the countdown for over twenty days .
Saint-Julien-du-Terroux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Also they have participated in other activities as Leonese Language Day , Mother Language Day , and have collaborated in publications like `` Cuentos del Sil '' , where writers from the shire written a collective book with stories in Leonese language .
Licheń Stary is the site of Poland 's largest church , Sanctuary of Our Lady of Licheń , completed in 2004 , which houses the iconic painting called Our Lady of Sorrows , Queen of Poland .
Niccolò Machiavelli , author of The Prince , also witnessed and wrote about the execution .
An ellipsis can also be used to indicate a pause in speech , an unfinished thought , or , at the end of a sentence , a trailing off into silence .
Since 1991 Ternopil is a part of independent Ukraine and along with other cities of Western Ukraine .
Saint-Denis is home to the royal necropolis of Saint Denis Basilica and was also the location of the associated abbey .
A USB host may have multiple host controllers and each host controller may provide one or more USB ports .
Visual acuity is acuteness or clearness of vision , especially form vision , which is dependent on the sharpness of the retinal focus within the eye and the sensitivity of the interpretative faculty of the brain .
He did not believe that intelligence was a measurable fixed entity .
This template is used in hundreds of articles .
Tarnów is a city in southeastern Poland with 115,341 inhabitants as of June 2009 .
His '39 squad is the last NCAA team in history to hold every regular season opponent scoreless .
Chauvin received his degree from the Lyon 's School of Chemistry , Physics and Electronics in 1954 .
Eragon becomes a Dragon Rider through his bond with Saphira .
Current interpretations of astronomical observations indicate that the age of the Universe is 13.73 billion years , and that the diameter of the observable universe is at least 93 billion light years , or 8.80 metres .
Many PT boats became famous during the war .
Subsequent plans to build a nuclear power plant in Malibu were also abandoned .
These digits are often used with a decimal separator which indicates the start of a fractional part , and with a symbol such as the plus sign + or minus sign adjacent to the numeral to indicate its polarity .
Although breeders of show hamsters specialise in breeding show hamsters , there are also owners who have bred their pet hamsters .
Raffles Institution offers the Integrated Programme , also known as the Raffles Programme , together with Raffles Girls ' School and Raffles Institution .
Superchunk was formed in 1989 in the town of Chapel Hill , North Carolina , by Mac McCaughan , Laura Ballance , Chuck Garrison , and Jack McCook .
The names Carmen and Fifi were later retired .
About 12.20 % of families and 14.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.70 % of those under age 18 and 14.00 % of those age 65 or over .
Milton Keynes Dons announced at the same time that they considered themselves to be a new club , formed in 2004 , and renounced all claims to a club history before this point . As a result of these developments , the WISA revoked its call for supporters to boycott Milton Keynes Dons matches played in Milton Keynes and removed its objection to Milton Keynes Dons fans joining the Football Supporters Federation .
A USB device can have up to 32 active pipes , 16 into the host controller and 16 out of the controller .
CINCFLEET is also Commander AMCCN .
Gretna Football Club are a defunct Scottish football club that represented the town of Gretna , Dumfries and Galloway , close to the border between England and Scotland .
Infections may range from nuisance to criminal , and are becoming more sophisticated each year .
Light orchestrated pop songs , known locally as schlager music , are so prevalent that the festival is sometimes referred to as Schlagerfestivalen by the Swedish media . However , other styles of music such as rap , reggae , and glam rock have made an appearance since the event 's expansion .
Nacozari de García is a municipality in Sonora in north-western Mexico .
Villeneuve d'Ascq counts more than 60,000 inhabitants and attracts 50,000 students , thanks to its ' .
These are about 60 feet deep and pikas spend most of their lives in them .
In ASL , fingerspelling is used primarily for proper nouns , for emphasis , for clarity , and for instruction .
In much of the earlier astronomical literature , Ganymede is referred to instead by its Roman numeral designation as or as the `` third satellite of Jupiter '' .
Part of the pond still exists near the youth hostel .
Mönthal is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Jaxu is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Under Carson , the `` Steel Curtain '' developed as one of the best defenses in National Football League history .
The genus is closely related to Marrubium , with some species having been included in that genus in the past .
Ban received a B.A. in International Relations from Seoul National University in 1970 , and earned a Master of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1985 .
Furthermore , a crucial plot point formed when , on the October 8 airing of Raw , Jericho and The Rock teamed up against Shane McMahon and Rob Van Dam .
It is separated from the island of New Guinea by the Dampier and Vitiaz Straits and from New Ireland by the St. George 's Channel .
A warm front is defined as the leading edge of an advancing mass of warm air ; it separates warm air from the colder air ahead .
One of his last compositions was the Himne a les Nacions Unides ; he conducted its first performance in a special concert at the United Nations on October 24 , 1971 , two months before his 95th birthday .
Simone Barone , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer , who plays for Serie A team Cagliari and the Italy national football team .
A separate company operates the leisure tour also called the North Borneo Railway , which caters mainly for tourists .
Urolagnia enthusiasts may participate in urolagnia as part of a domination and submission scene , though not all sexual activity involving urine is so .
Nürnberg Hauptbahnhof is a stop for IC and ICE trains on the German long-distance railway network .
It also reached number one in the UK Singles Chart on January 10 , 2010 .
The coonskin cap eventually became a part of the iconic image associated with American frontiersmen such as Daniel Boone and Davy Crockett . Boone did not actually wear coonskin caps , which he disliked , and instead wore felt hats .
The scale of a map is defined as the ratio of a distance on the map to the corresponding distance on the ground .
Verviers 78 .
More than any other single event , the attack on Lindisfarne cast a shadow on the perception of the Vikings for the next twelve centuries .
Additionally , users who perform several reversions in content disputes may be blocked for edit warring even if they do not technically violate the three-revert rule .
Nor were manors held necessarily by lay lords rendering military service to their superior : a substantial share belonged directly to the king , and a greater proportion were held by bishoprics and monasteries .
In physical science , freezing or solidification is the process in which a liquid turns into a solid when cold enough .
In many societies shepherds were an important part of the economy .
Knowles rehearsed the pole dancing using two ballet bars , which was when it was decided to add a pole above her head to form an arc .
The Venerable Pope Pius XII , born Eugenio Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Pacelli , reigned as the 260th Pope , head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of Vatican City State , from 2 March 1939 until his death in 1958 .
Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan .
Shively is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The episode aired on January 10 , 1991 .
Since then , the company has released eight more games in two series for the PlayStation , PlayStation 2 , and PlayStation 3 and all have been both critical and commercial successes .
Rabin was the first native-born prime minister of Israel , the only prime minister to be assassinated and the second to die in office after Levi Eshkol .
By the early 1970s , it was uncertain whether Kakapo was still an extant species . At the end of 1974 , scientists located several more male Kakapo and made the first scientific observations of Kakapo booming .
The Greek Orthodox Church of Alexandria , also known as the Patriarchate of Alexandria and All Africa is an autocephalous Greek Orthodox Church within the wider communion of Orthodox Christianity .
The Mesrop Mashtots Institute of Ancient Manuscripts , commonly referred to as the Matenadaran , is an ancient manuscript repository located in Yerevan , Armenia . It holds one of the world 's richest depositories of medieval manuscripts and books which span a broad range subjects , including history , philosophy , medicine , literature , art history and cosmography in Armenian and many other languages .
The total area is 325.78 km .
When used in practice , RSA is generally combined with some padding scheme .
After Wessel 's death , he was officially credited with having composed the music , as well as having written the lyrics , for the Horst-Wessel-Lied .
Even so , Longfellow , like many during this period , called for the development of high quality American literature .
The most famous of these is commonly titled `` Steve Ballmer going crazy . ''
On 16 January 1825 they reached the carts they had left behind them , and two days later came to Lake George .
Mario Kart Wii includes 32 different tracks , including 16 new tracks , four tracks each from Mario Kart 64 , and Mario Kart DS , and two each from Super Mario Kart and , and up to twelve characters can participate in a race .
Germans predominate in a few cities , such as Rolândia .
Pierce Brosnan is a fan of the football team Manchester United .
It is located on the Swabian Alb mountains , about halfway between Stuttgart and Lake Constance .
Please issue soft blocks on any bot coming from this address , and ensure that you immediately unblock the Toolserver IP address after performing a block on a bot hosted here .
Iggy says that the two of them once knew Max 's father .
By 1896 , Coleridge-Taylor had earned a reputation as a composer , later helped by Edward Elgar who recommended him to the Three Choirs Festival which premiered his Ballade in A Minor .
Undercover officers were asked to go into the subways in plain-clothes or dressed as a homeless person as a decoy .
Skateboarding has been shaped and influenced by many skateboarders throughout the years .
It is surrounded on three sides by the Mexican states of Campeche , Tabasco and Veracruz .
Kazimierz Fajans was an American physical chemist of Polish origin and a pioneer in the science of radioactivity .
During a weather forecast some hours before the storm , Michael Fish started his forecast with the now infamous line `` Earlier on today , apparently , a woman rang the BBC and said she heard there was a hurricane on the way .
The dropsonde contains a GPS receiver , along with pressure , temperature , and humidity sensors to capture atmospheric profiles and thermodynamic data .
`` U '' is an honorific in Burmese , roughly equal to `` mister . ''
On April 27 , 1916 , Gimnasia played against Estudiantes de La Plata , its rival in the La Plata derby , for the first time .
Antonio Bezerra Brandão or simply Toninho , is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Paraná .
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Alexander the Great is credited with finding dwarfed apples in Asia Minor in 300 BCE ; those he brought back to Macedonia might have been the progenitors of dwarfing root stocks .
The massacre was given the name Peterloo in ironic comparison to the Battle of Waterloo , which had taken place four years earlier .
It has an area of 4,504 km , and a total population of 211,086 .
The term now more frequently applies to unspiced red Bordeaux wine .
Hannibal reportedly entered Gaul with 40,000 foot soldiers and 12,000 horsemen .
As of 2000 , the population was 26,938 .
Males and females are nearly identical except that males are slightly larger .
Henry James `` Harry '' Redknapp is an English former footballer who has had a long career in football management starting way back in 1983 with Bournemouth .
Not many people think of Hewes as playing a vital role in the creation of the country or credit him with many of his achievements but Joseph Hewes was undoubtedly one of the most important people of his time and a true revolutionary .
Tropical Storm Harvey formed from a tropical wave to the southwest of Bermuda on August 2 and passed close to Bermuda on August 4 , bringing heavy rain to the island . After it moved east away from Bermuda , Harvey reached its peak strength before the storm turned to the northeast .
To honor the fact that he was entering his eightieth year , one of the greatest tributes to a living writer was held .
The young are born hairless , and helpless , and their eyes do not open until about eighteen days after birth .
The play first opened on Easter Monday , 30 March 1730 , at the Little Theatre , Haymarket , and it ran for a total of 41 nights with eight of the performances during the three weeks following Easter .
Peaugres is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
However , there are exceptions to this rule , such as defense rather than defense .
Norma Jeane was declared a ward of the state , and Gladys ' best friend , Grace McKee , became her guardian .
Chemistry experiments have confirmed that rutherfordium behaves as the heavier homolog to hafnium in group 4 .
When opened , the family gets a computer with The Sims 3 on it . The Sims 3 game can not be bought in the catalog .
A mutual fund is a professionally managed type of collective investment scheme that pools money from many investors and invests it in stocks , bonds , short-term money market instruments , and/or other securities . The mutual fund will have a fund manager that trades the pooled money on a regular basis .
A related technology is the plasma valve , invented shortly after the plasma window .
The National Library of Australia , while formally established by the passage of the National Library Act , 1960 , had been functioning as a National Library rather than strictly a Parliamentary Library , almost since its inception .
Antonio Sedeño , S.J. .
Porcupines are rodents with a coat of sharp spines , or quills , that defend them from predators .
Tooting is a suburb in the London Borough of Wandsworth in south London .
Taken together , these four issues combined with Dr. Koop 's personality and his willingness to make use of mass media brought to the office of Surgeon General a higher public profile than it previously had merited ; he is , for instance , the first Surgeon General to have been the subject of a popular song `` Promiscuous '' , by Frank Zappa .
John Henry Holland is an American scientist and Professor of Psychology and Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
He had to wait until the 1997-98 campaign to score his first goal for West Ham , which came in a road victory over Barnsley .
Ringgold Wilmer Lardner was an American sports columnist and short story writer best known for his satirical takes on the sports world , marriage , and the theater .
In addition , many businesses run by the church were cash operations , including several Japanese restaurants in New York City .
Villers-l ès - Cagnicourt is situated some 15 m southeast of Arras , at the junction of the D939 and D13 roads .
Seaweed is an ingredient in some toothpaste , cosmetics and paints .
In 1956 he returned to politics and was Laubach 's leading councilor and deputy mayor until he retired in1960 at age 75 .
One unusual feature of the Grameen Bank is that it is owned by the poor borrowers of the bank , most of whom are women .
Del Rio is also home to Laughlin Air Force Base , the busiest pilot training base in the United States Air Force .
This so-called `` first wave '' included bands such as Venom , Bathory , Hellhammer and Celtic Frost .
The Concertgebouw opened on 11 April 1888 .
Portable application creators allow the creation of portable applications .
While the A A is not part of Ordo Templi Orientis , O.T.O. does consider the A A to be a close ally .
In Japanese mythology , Ryūgū - jō is the undersea palace of Ryūjin , the dragon god of the sea .
An excellent athlete at various sports , Moore 's many records in billiards include winning the Michigan State Billiard Championship four times , placing second at the World Championship five times competing against the best in the world such as Willie Mosconi , Irving Crane and Luther Lassiter , winning the United States National Pocket Billiards Championship in 1958 , the National Invitation Pocket Billiards Championship in 1965 and the Legends of Pocket Billiards competition in 1984 .
The later construction of the current Sartell Bridge over the Mississippi in the early 1980 's replaced the remaining businesses .
Gallaudet 's wish to become a professional minister was put aside when he met Alice Cogswell , the nine-year-old deaf daughter of a neighbor , Dr. Mason Cogswell .
The philosophical relation between Husserl and Heidegger is discussed at length by Bernard Stiegler in the film The Ister .
A majority of its citizens now live in urban areas .
The strong force itself acts directly only upon elementary quark and gluon particles .
As the name suggests , there is no cox on such a boat , and the two rowers must co-ordinate steering and the proper timing of oar strokes between themselves or by means of a steering installation which is operated by a foot from one of the rowers .
A secret collaboration with the Soviet Union began after the treaty of Rapallo .
Sonthonnax-la-Montagne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This leaves game port support up to the manufacturer of the device the game port ships on .
`` Old Style '' and `` New Style '' are sometimes added to dates to identify which system is used in the British Empire and other countries that did not immediately change . Because the Calendar Act of 1750 altered the start of the year , and also aligned the British calendar with the Gregorian calendar , there is some confusion as to what these terms mean .
The bright planetary nebula Owl Nebula , named for its appearance , can be found along the bottom of the bowl of the Big Dipper .
The storm executed a broad cyclonic half-loop to the southwest of Iceland over the subsequent days , and after turning to the west the extratropical remnants of Florence were absorbed to the east of Greenland by a developing extratropical cyclone to its south .
On December 13 , 1974 it finally became a republic within the Commonwealth , with the President as head of state .
The Maasai are an indigenous African ethnic group of semi-nomadic people located in Kenya and northern Tanzania .
It is the ninth game in the original Mega Man series , and the first series release since the 1997 game Mega Man 8 .
Gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .
Claesson was born on June 2 , 1928 in Huddinge , south of Stockholm .
The Daleks returned in the 2008 series ' two-part finale , `` The Stolen Earth '' / `` Journey 's End '' , accompanied once again by their creator Davros .
In `` The Sound of Drums '' and `` The End of Time '' , a flashback shows the Master at the age of eight , when as part of a Time Lord initiation ceremony he is taken before a gap in the fabric of space and time known as the Untempered Schism , from which one can see into the entire Vortex .
Interstate 26 ends at U.S. Route 23 in Kingsport , Tennessee .
Physical fitness comprises two related concepts : general fitness and specific fitness .
On 21 March 2006 , about 2,500 workers , who were upset over buses that were delayed for the end of their shifts , protested , damaging cars , offices , computers , and construction equipment .
Moore was inducted into the International Pocket Billiards Hall of Fame in 1982 , the Billiard Congress of America 's Hall of Fame in 1994 , and the Albuquerque Sports Hall of Fame in 1998 .
Filming began on October 31 , 2005 and the season premiered on February 2 , 2006 on CBS .
Under Qing pressure , Zheng Jing struggled to defend Xiamen , Quemoy and the Pescadores islands , which he had eventually lost over the years , mainly due to his minuscule forces which were insufficient to defend from the Qing .
The original low passed along the south shore of Long Island , and made landfall near New York City on December 24 .
In 1081 Henry opened the conflict against Gregory in Italy .
The United States Department of Labor is a Cabinet department of the United States government responsible for occupational safety , wage and hour standards , unemployment insurance benefits , re-employment services , and some economic statistics .
It proposed the creation of a single federal agency to enforce the federal drug laws as well as consolidate and coordinate the government 's drug control activities .
Bours is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As the front pair wear down and drop out in pieces , the back pair shift forward and two new molars emerge in the back of the mouth .
Sevigny has involved himself in old-timers charity hockey games and has coached the semi-pro Verdun Dragons .
The meat of cattle is known as beef .
The actual definition of macroevolution accepted by scientists is `` any change at the species level or above '' and microevolution is `` any change below the level of species . ''
The name is short for Shenjiang Xinbao , Shenjiang being a short form of Chunsheng jiang , the old name for the Huangpu River .
It is similar in function to the template , which is used on general purpose disambiguation pages .
The added mass of the fairing prevented the satellite from reaching orbit .
Flower vegetables include broccoli , cauliflower and artichoke .
The British Rail Class 951 was reserved for former diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use .
Similar combinations , both in and out of the French culinary repertoire , may include leeks , parsnips , garlic , tomatoes , shallots , mushrooms , bell peppers , chilies , and ginger , according to the requirements of the regional cuisine or the instructions of the particular chef or recipe .
He is buried at St. James Church , Clerkenwell .
He fathered three children while living in Cleveland , Ohio , and later Elyria , Ohio , where he managed a mail-order business and paint manufacturing firms .
Lieuche is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south-eastern France .
It was named `` heaven on earth '' because of its spectacular beauty , and breathtaking view and peaceful atmosphere .
There he served as a military advisor to the Bolivian army .
Uttarkashi District , also known as Uttar Kashi District , is a district of Garhwal division of the Uttarakhand state in northern India , and has its headquarters at Uttarkashi city .
Danbury is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
Didcot is a town in Oxfordshire about 10 m south of Oxford .
Ervy-le-Ch âtel is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Other economic activities include fishing in the lake and agriculture , particularly bananas , in the fertile belt of land surrounding it .
Quarks with unlike color charge attract one another as a result of the strong interaction , which is mediated by particles called gluons .
The Orange Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida .
The cathedral is located in Victoria , SW1 , in the City of Westminster .
If a `` hurricane season '' were to be demarcated in the South Atlantic , it would most likely be the opposite of the North Atlantic season , from November to the end of April with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere .
The painting represents the last meal shared by Jesus with his disciples before his capture and death .
In the Pacific War , the Empire of Japan also trained snipers .
Pidgin 2.0.0 was released on May 3 , 2007 .
In Lothian there is Edinburgh City , West Lothian , Mid Lothian and East Lothian .
Isberg asked former Eruption band member Mikael Åkerfeldt to join Opeth as a bassist .
Discussions between the City and the New York City Transit Authority produced a memorandum of understanding , and on April 2 , 1995 , the NYC Transit Police was consolidated with the New York City Police Department to become a new Bureau within the NYPD .
It is located on the banks of the Havel river .
He is the Chairman of the National Defense Commission , Supreme Commander of the Korean People 's Army , and General Secretary of the Workers ' Party of Korea .
The two retreat from the mansion as more ghosts appear .
His literary income was increasing considerably : in 1840 , he had made $ 219 from his work but the year 1850 brought him $ 1,900 .
In Sonora , the hurricane destroyed 450 homes and damaged another 5,000 dwellings in Etchojoa and Huatabampo , which both have large Mayo Indian populations .
This template produces metadata ; see COinS in Wikipedia for background information .
Rattle was named music director of the CBSO in 1990 .
William Ellery was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Rhode Island .
Woollen fabrics , which must be damp when raising the nap , are then dried and stretched before the nap is trimmed or sheared . Cotton cloth goes straight to the shearing process , where the nap gets trimmed to ensure that all the raised fibers are the same length .
Their first live action film was The Bunker of the Last Gunshots , a short film about soldiers in a bleak futuristic world .
Melanesia , the most populous of the three regions , contains mainly high islands , while most of Micronesia and Polynesia are low islands .
Durkheim set up the first European department of sociology at the University of Bordeaux in 1895 , publishing his Rules of the Sociological Method .
They performed at BBC Radio One 's One Big Weekend , held in their home town of Sunderland over the weekend of May 7-8 , 2005 .
The scheme is named after Charles Ponzi , who became notorious for using the technique in early 1920 . He had emigrated from Italy to the United States in 1903 .
The Violet-fronted Brilliant is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
However , Moore 's health declined rapidly that same year .
Some argue that only the higher intellectual functions constitute mind , particularly reason and memory .
The largest city is El Aaiún , which is home to over half of the population of the territory , in total estimated at just more than 500,000 .
During and after the war , he killed Priam , Eurypylus , Polyxena , Polites and Astyanax , among others , enslaved Helenus , and forced Andromache to become his concubine . The ghost of Achilles appeared to the survivors of the war , demanding Polyxena , the Trojan princess , be sacrificed before anybody could leave .
It has a total area of 1927.11 km .
It was written and directed by Charles Tait .
The Identity Safe supersedes the information filtering function ; instead of blocking personal information from leaving the computer , it stores personal information to fill webforms .
The flowers are white , bell-shaped , 3-4 mm diameter , with a five-lobed corolla , produced in racemes up to 5 cm long .
In 1981 , O'Leary and her husband established the consulting firm of O'Leary & Associates , where she served as vice president and general counsel .
Corruption has taken the role of a pervasive aspect of Indian politics .
Chess is a recognized sport by the International Olympic Committee with FIDE being the recognized International Sports Federation for chess since June 1999 .
Luis Enrique Martínez García , known as Luis Enrique , is a former Spanish footballer .
She came under investigation for taking cash bribe and/or illegal campaign donations as an aide to Clinton from 1994 to 1996 .
He protests that the syllabus of history for the school would start from seventh century A.D. , not from the Mahenjodaro and Harappa .
Srivijaya 's capital eventually moved northward to Jambi .
The Cape Verde national football team , nicknamed either the Tubarões Azuis or Crioulos , is the national team of Cape Verde and is controlled by the Federação Caboverdiana de Futebol .
The first store outside the United States or Canada opened in the mid - '90s , and overseas stores now constitute almost one third of Starbucks ' stores .
They are able to view a list of all IP addresses used by a user account to edit the English Wikipedia , a list of all edits made by an IP , or all user accounts that have used an IP address .
Each lens takes light at an angle to its axis and reflects it to the same angle on the other side .
As part of the reform of local government districts in North Rhine-Westphalia that came into effect on 1 January 1975 , the formerly independent cities of Velbert , Neviges and Langenberg were merged to form the present city of Velbert .
Many literary depictions of synesthesia are not accurate . Some say more about an author 's interpretation of synesthesia than the phenomenon itself .
Delegates from many countries attended the Bretton Woods Conference .
Kōji Nakata is a Japanese football player who played at both the Football World Cup 2002 , and the Football World Cup 2006 .
He was a sure tackler and it was next to impossible to fool him on trick maneuvers .
Parkes has a local bus service provided by Western Road Liners , which acquired Harris Bus Lines in March 2006 .
The ukulele , sometimes abbreviated as the uke , is a chordophone classified as a plucked lute ; it is a subset of the guitar family of instruments , generally with four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings .
O'Connor began her television career at the age of sixteen with commercials for McDonald 's and Exxon .
The music of the qin can be categorised as three distinctively different `` sounds . ''
The new Greater London Authority would be headed by a directly elected mayor , who would be watched over by a 25-member Assembly .
Use .
Allan `` Whitey '' Snyder who saw her during the last week of her life , said Monroe was pleased by the opportunities available to her , and that she `` never looked better was in great spirits . ''
The genus was first described by Austrian naturalist Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti in his book Specimen Medicum , Exhibens Synopsin Reptilium Emendatam cum Experimentis circa Venena in 1768 .
The camerae increase in number from around four at the moment of hatching to thirty or more in adults .
Treize-Vents is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the Mediterranean countries Spain , Italy , Cyprus and Greece .
Mesnil-Clinchamps is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The government of Armenia has recently begun renovating the monastery .
Identity theft is somewhat different from identity fraud .
Sivasspor is a Turkish sports club based in Sivas , Turkey .
Pope Leo XIII , born Count Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci , was the 257th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , reigning from 1878 to 1903 in succession to Pope Pius IX .
The Amazon , which has the largest drainage basin in the world , accounts for approximately one-fifth of the world 's total river flow .
War ensues between Ish-Bosheth and David , until Ish-Bosheth is assassinated .
Adams was found guilty in a subsequent trial of 13 offences of prescription fraud , lying on cremation forms , obstructing a police search and failing to keep a dangerous drugs register .
Alemannia Aachen is a German football club from the western city of Aachen , North Rhine-Westphalia .
Though officially classified as a `` probable suicide '' , the possibility of an accidental overdose , as well as the possibility of homicide , have not been ruled out .
The wingspan measures 1.5 to 2.38 in . .
The Delectable Mountains form the next stage of Christian and Hopeful 's journey , where the shepherds show them some of the wonders of the place also known as `` Immanuel 's Land '' .
Open source describes practices in production and development that promote access to the end product 's source materials - typically , their source code .
Francisco Aramburu , or Chico was a Brazilian association football striker .
On April 8 , a crowd attacked the Convent of San Marco . A bloody struggle ensued , during which several of Savonarola 's guards and religious supporters were killed .
Three units were built , one two-car unit , and two four-car units .
Bowell and his predecessors had struggled to solve this problem .
It was sometimes called `` Hera '' between 1955 and 1975 .
In 1803 , Thurgau became an independent canton , through the mediation of Napoleon , with Frauenfeld as capital .
A Jug band is a band employing a jug player and a mix of traditional and home-made instruments .
In some places , harvestmen are known by the name `` daddy longlegs '' or `` granddaddy longlegs '' , but this name is also used for two other unrelated arthropods : the crane fly and the cellar spider .
As such , confidence intervals as discussed below are not robust statistics , though modifications can be made to add robustness - see robust confidence intervals .
Normally the crane lays 2 eggs , with only one surviving .
His ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
After a short break , SM Entertainment announced that the girls would be back with a new single and showing a `` Marine Girl '' concept ; the song , titled `` Sowoneul Malhaebwa '' ; the mini album was released digitally on June 22 , 2009 .
This was intended to alienate Pulitzer 's Jewish readership .
If you want to have a delimiter , such as '' , '' , appear between links , specify the delimiter with lim .
`` If you hold a gun and say , ` Choose who is worse between the Muslims and the Mexicans , ' I have a moment of hesitation .
The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations in the Crystal Palace of Hyde Park , London ran from May 1 until October 18 , 1851 .
The Class 67 locomotives were built from 1999 to 2000 by Alstom in Valencia , Spain under sub-contract from General Motors Diesel in Canada .
The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 0.2 to 0.7 Ma BP , as do various other sites such as Montagu Cave and at the Klasies River Mouth .
Uchida currently plays for J. League Division 1 side Kashima Antlers .
Frightened that he might not come back alive , Norma Jeane begged him to give her a child before he left .
He served as the Chief of Staff in President Ronald Reagan 's first administration and in the final year of the administration of President George H. W. Bush .
A new pedestrian bridge may also be built to connect Stratford shopping center with the Stratford City development .
The term chirality is derived from the Greek word for hand , χειρ .
Eukaryotic cells are typically much larger than prokaryotes .
The dusty halo seen in images is sizeable , being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent .
The class were affectionately nicknamed `` Hoovers '' by rail enthusiasts because of their distinctive sound made by the inertial air filters originally fitted .
A full-grown moose has few enemies , but a pack of wolves can still pose a threat , especially to females with calves . Siberian Tigers and Brown Bear are also known to prey on juvenile moose , although bears are more likely to take over a wolf kill than to hunt moose on their own .
Prominent roles of his career include the title role in Doogie Howser , M.D. , the womanizing Barney Stinson in How I Met Your Mother , a fictionalized version of himself in the Harold & Kumar series , and the title role in Joss Whedon 's Emmy Award-winning musical web series Dr. Horrible 's Sing-Along Blog .
During that night and the following morning , Demmin was handed over to the Red Army largely without fighting , similar to other cities like Greifswald .
In 1987 , friends Billie Joe Armstrong and Mike Dirnt , 15 years old at the time , formed a band called Sweet Children .
Her name Hala is a common Arabic name which means halo .
Roe or hard roe is the fully ripe internal ovaries or egg masses of fish and certain marine animals , such as shrimp , scallop , and sea urchins .
II .
The United States Atomic Energy Commission was an agency of the United States government established after World War II by Congress to foster and control the peace time development of atomic science and technology .
He finished the season with 106 runs scored , a batting average of .335 , and 25 stolen bases .
He was at the top of the world rankings five out of six times , from April 2007 to July 2008 , holding the number-one ranking for a total of 15 months .
At the start of the 8th century Samarkand came under Arab control .
The line employs a Harsco tug unit for engineering work .
In the Early Middle Ages there were two separate Slavic tribes bearing the name of Polans .
She was cloned by Ian Wilmut , Keith Campbell and colleagues at the Roslin Institute near Edinburgh in Scotland .
Research in the stem cell field grew out of findings by Canadian scientists Ernest A. McCulloch and James E. Till in the 1960s .
On October 9 , 2008 , Bungie announced a standalone expansion of Halo 3 titled Halo 3 : Recon , later renamed to Halo 3 : ODST .
Perm 's public transit network includes tram , bus , and trolleybus routes .
The result was Silent Spring , which brought environmental concerns to an unprecedented portion of the American public .
Who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
`` Lisa 's Substitute '' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons second season .
It is best known for its spectacular skill at hunting birds , able to snatch a bird in flight , sometimes more than one at a time .
At the end of World War I most of its members were court-martialled by the sultan Mehmed VI and imprisoned .
Built on land which ends on precipitous cliffs , lost balls really are lost .
A recent Chinese word for tulku is huófó , which literally means `` living Buddha '' .
In the temperate zones of Europe many of the hybrid large flowering sorts of gladiolas can be pollinated by small well-known wasps .
Cycas is not closely related to other genera of cycads , and phylogenetic studies have shown that Cycadaceae is the sister-group to all other extant cycads .
Years of Refusal is the ninth solo album by Morrissey .
In April 1961 , Simpson won his first Classic .
Fours is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The BBC Director General John Birt sought government approval to direct licence fee revenue into the service , describing planned BBC internet services as the `` third medium '' joining the BBC 's existing TV and Radio networks , achieving a change in the BBC Charter .
He also created three other gods : a little girl , a sun god and a small boy .
The Roman military was intertwined with the Roman state much more closely than in a modern European nation .
The states bordering Alabama are Tennessee to the north ; Georgia to the east ; Florida to the south ; and Mississippi to the west .
He denied ever being a customer of Signature and stated that he has been `` tested regularly by the WWE , and I am in full compliance with the WWE Wellness Program '' .
It is located in the west of the district .
He served in the United States Navy as a lieutenant during World War II .
If you believe the information that you added was correct , please cite the references or sources or before making the changes , discuss them on the article 's talk page .
The 1980s saw ambitious plans for improvements : however , these plans were shelved due to financial pressures after the Main Stand roof had been replaced at a cost of # 1 million .
The airport is 2 m from Junction 10a of the M1 motorway .
Kanata remains home to many of the major hi-tech employers of Ottawa , such as Mitel , March Networks , Alcatel-Lucent , Dell Canada , HP , Smart Technologies , Norpak , Nortel , MDS Nordion , Breconridge , AMCC , and Cisco Systems , Inc. .
At that time , third-party portables that ran Macintosh software were also available , such as the Outbound Laptop .
Roy Andrew Miller 's 1971 book Japanese and the Other Altaic Languages convinced most Altaicists that Japanese also belonged to Altaic .
One of the species in this genus , the Red Junglefowl , is of historical importance as the likely ancestor of the domesticated chicken , although it has been suggested the Grey Junglefowl was also involved .
Of the two albatross species found in Hawaii , one , the Black-footed Albatross , takes mostly fish while the Laysan feeds on squid .
Both companies have stopped making their own mobile phones .
Surrounding towns are Laubach to the north , Nidda to the east , Wölfersheim to the south , and Münzenberg and Lich to the west .
The IPCC reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .
Lincoln is a cathedral city and county town of Lincolnshire , England .
Bold denotes the 19 Grands Prix races active for the 2010 season .
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 24 .
Cressin-Rochefort is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
On July 6 , a moderate hurricane hit Puerto Rico , destroying 6 villages .
A motif of the heart on the palm of the hand embodies people 's compassion and care for their citizens .
The core of the Propædia is its `` Outline of Knowledge , '' which aims to provide a logical framework for all human knowledge .
The Inca Empire , or Inka Empire , was the largest empire in pre-Columbian America .
The movement of one of the layers results in a faster movement of the line moiré superimposition image .
Furtwängler 's performances of Beethoven , Bruckner , Brahms and Wagner remain important reference-points today .
Chittagong Division is one of the seven administrative divisions of Bangladesh .
Igbo people are among the largest and most influential ethnic groups in Nigeria .
Currently , the earliest fossil evidence of dormouse species comes from Europe in the early Eocene .
Rick made landfall in Oaxaca - the same area devastated by Hurricane Pauline one month earlier - and quickly weakened , dissipating early on November 11 .
Ustream .
Waterspouts that are not associated with a rotating updraft of a supercell thunderstorm , are known as `` non-tornadic '' or `` fair-weather waterspouts '' , and are by far the most common type .
It is the capital of the Nord Department .
Extra points are awarded for capturing a `` Special '' pose or Pokémon , and if there are multiples of the same Pokémon within the frame . Scoring well in the Pokémon Report and photographing a wide variety of Pokémon is required to make progress in the game .
Ununpentium is historically known as eka-bismuth .
Li Lianjie , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese martial artist , actor , wushu champion , and international film star who was born in Beijing , China and who has currently taken up Singapore citizenship .
In 1800 , as the result of a professional disagreement over the galvanic response advocated by Luigi Galvani , Alessandro Volta developed the so-called Voltaic pile , a forerunner of the battery , which produced a steady electric current .
Polly Pocket is a 1990s toy line of miniature dolls and accessories .
States with a Class II senator : Alabama , Alaska , Arkansas , Colorado , Delaware , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , North Carolina , Oklahoma , Oregon , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , West Virginia , and Wyoming .
The British Rail Class 08 is a class of diesel-electric shunting locomotive .
The President of the Commission and all the other commissioners are nominated by the Council .
Bunsen published a description two years later , and many of his colleagues soon adopted the design . Bunsen burners are now used in laboratories all around the world .
Damage to schools alone was estimated at # 100 million .
Building on cryptanalysis work carried out in Poland by Marian Rejewski , Jerzy Różycki and Henryk Zygalski from Cipher Bureau before the war , he contributed several insights into breaking both the Enigma machine and the Lorenz SZ 40/42 , and was , for a time , head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for reading German naval signals .
Following a 1025 raid by the Chola Empire of southern India it began to gradually decline in importance .
Jan Wouters is a former professional football midfielder .
Latilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Kalasha , also spelled as Kalash , is a metal pot with a large base and small mouth , large enough to hold a coconut .
When returning back to the extermination shop , Tik is killed by Kaeden , a bitter man who seemingly wants to steal Osmo 's shop , but is really working for an evil mastermind .
After peaking in intensity , Tip weakened to a 230 km/h typhoon and remained at that intensity for several days as it continued west-northwestward .
The Piper at the Gates of Dawn is Pink Floyd 's debut album and the only one made under Syd Barrett 's leadership - although he made some contributions to the follow-up , A Saucerful of Secrets .
However , Zoo Tycoon seems to have become more popular and better known .
Russian is the official language of Russia . It is also an official language of Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , an unofficial but widely spoken language in Ukraine and the de facto official language of the unrecognized country of Transnistria and partially recognized countries of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The club was founded in 1892 after the merger of two local clubs , Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End .
Of these , her childhood friend Lord Robert Dudley probably came closest . Early in 1559 , Elizabeth 's friendship with the married Dudley turned to love .
He sought support from Elizabeth , who finally made him Warden of Christ 's College , Manchester , in 1592 .
Jupiter is classified as a gas giant along with Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
For its first two seasons the show was part of a revived TGIF comedy block .
Sheep were kept for their milk , meat and especially their wool .
A complete critical edition of his instrumental works in seven volumes , edited by John Hsu , is published by Broude Brothers .
Before the ship can sail , however , a storm breaks out , and a sea serpent appears .
Susmiou is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
A pacer and a cyclist fell in front of Merckx 's pacer , Fernand Wambst .
In March 2004 the United States FDA issued guidelines recommending that pregnant women , nursing mothers , and children limit their intake of tuna and other predatory fish .
Jesse Brown was the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997 .
When Scott left the band in July 2001 , Rice-Oxley started playing the piano .
It covers an area of 630 square miles with an average depth of 12 to 14 feet .
He participated in the Opening Ceremony of the Cultural Year of Armenia in Russia hosted at the Moscow Kremlin Music Hall and honored by the presence of the presidents of Armenia and Russia Robert Kocharyan and Vladimir Putin respectively and the famous singer Charles Aznavour .
Gilbert 's potoroo was first discovered 1840 and named in 1841 after the English naturalist and explorer John Gilbert .
Inca rope bridges were simple suspension bridges over canyons and gorges to provide access for the Inca Empire .
The term mud volcano or mud dome is used to refer to formations created by geo-excreted liquids and gases , although there are several different processes which may cause such activity .
Bilten is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The truth is that the State is a conspiracy designed not only to exploit , but above all to corrupt its citizens ... Henceforth , I shall never serve any government anywhere .
This is said to be greater in size than the entire human economy .
The WWF 's official time for the match is nine seconds , although it actually lasted closer to 23 seconds .
As well as being the district capital , Karak is also the chief city of Karak tehsil , which is a subdivision of the district .
Kelmis 44 .
However , the principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires .
At the 2006 census , Avenel had a population of 728 , up from 552 in the 2001 Census .
Gerlafingen is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Salavas is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
`` Lisa the Greek '' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons third season .
The internal and external sphincter allow the feces to be passed by muscles pulling the anus up over the exiting feces .
These plants have a combined capacity of 354 megawatts making them the largest solar power installation in the world .
At the Reward Challenge , Ulong mismatched Koror in another reward challenge blow-out ; giving them a sewing kit .
The highest and lowest points of the median household income are presented in bold face .
`` Lying is the Most Fun a Girl can have Without Taking Her Clothes Off '' is also the title of another song by Panic at the Disco .
He conducted regularly at the Salzburg Festival between 1935 and 1938 .
As of 2000 , the population was 4,075 .
Miodrag Božović is a Montenegrin football manager and former player .
He also has two Grandsons , Jay Raina and Raj Raina .
The northern edge of Antakya has been growing rapidly over recent years , and this construction has begun to expose large portions of the ancient city , which are frequently bulldozed and rarely protected by the local museum .
From 1819 - 1858 Odessa was a free port .
Silliman University was founded in August 28 , 1901 as Silliman Institute by Protestant missionaries under the Board of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian Church in the United States .
U is the twenty-first letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
Pratchett 's first novel , The Carpet People , was published in 1971 , and since his first Discworld novel was published in 1983 , he has written two books a year on average .
In the late-1980s , 1990s , and 2000s ideological , postcolonial , and Marxist criticism dominated Austen studies .
The episode depicts a Dalek invasion of Earth led by Caan , Davros , and a red Supreme Dalek , who has kept Caan and Davros imprisoned in a section of the Dalek flagship , the Crucible , called `` The Vault '' .
Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group , The Global Elders , in a speech he delivered on the occasion of his 89th birthday .
The Pokémon Trading Card Game is a collectible card game with a goal similar to a Pokémon battle in the video game series .
Muslims consider the Qur ` an to be the literal word of God ; it is the central religious text of Islam . Muslims believe that the verses of the Qur ` an were revealed to Muhammad by God through the angel Gabriel on many occasions between 610 and his death on June 8 , 632 .
The 2009 - 10 New Jersey Devils season is the team 's 27th season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to New Jersey .
This formula connects the exponential function with the trigonometric functions and to the hyperbolic functions . Thus we see that all elementary functions except for the polynomials spring from the exponential function in one way or another .
In 1919 , following a return to activity after a four year suspension of all football competition in Italy during World War I the team merged with city rival Verona and changed its name to Hellas Verona .
Sir Vidiadhar Surajprasad Naipaul Kt .
He later wrote what is probably his best known instrumental work , Lachrimae , or Seaven Teares , Figured in Seaven Passionate Pavans , a set of seven pavanes for five viols and lute , each based on the theme derived from the lute song `` Flow my tears '' .
The style is reminiscent of Pompei and is situated much more on the side of the grand contemporary paintings than on the heritage of the red-figure pottery .
Her first child miscarried , but she successfully gave birth to a girl on January 20 , 2005 .
The name `` RC4 '' is trademarked , however .
A tornado watch was also posted for the southern portion of the state , though was dropped after the storm weakened .
`` The Book of Dead '' is the common name for the ancient Egyptian funerary text known as `` Spells of Coming '' `` Forth By Day . ''
Bobby Robson was awarded a number of honors for his contributions to football .
On the television debut of ECW on Sci Fi on June 13 , a brawl broke out between Rob Van Dam and Edge .
He was the father of Vincent Cassel , Mathias Cassel and Cécile Cassel .
The collections include 14,000 plants , 158 fish , 1,564 shells , 3,198 insects , 1,600 books and 3,000 letters and documents .
Symantec funded the benchmark test and provided scripts used to benchmark each participating antivirus software .
The bombings led , in part , to post-war Japan adopting Three Non-Nuclear Principles , forbidding the nation from nuclear armament .
His sui generis society will furthermore continue its existence after the individual ceases to interact with it .
A common year of 365 days has exactly 52 weeks and one day , so consequently the next new year is one day of the week later .
Hill came back into contention for the title after winning the British Grand Prix , a race which his father had never won .
This is because the call-pocket rule includes the break shot .
Alongside other neighbouring institutions , including the Natural History Museum and Science Museum , the V&A is located in what is termed London 's `` Albertopolis '' , an area of immense cultural , scientific and educational importance .
Though impact was minimal in Saint Martin , Governor Franklyn Richards recognized the storm preparations served as a wake up call for citizens who were n't ready for the hurricane season .
Frege , however , did not conceive of objects as forming parts of senses : If a proper name denotes a non-existent object , it does not have a reference , hence concepts with no objects have no truth value in arguments .
He also became the first man since 2000 to win the Royal Rumble match but fail to win the title in his championship opportunity as a result .
The JMA maintained Ioke as a typhoon until a day later , and maintained Ioke as a tropical cyclone until it was declared extratropical midday on September 6 . The extratropical remnants of Ioke were tracked by the JMA until September 7 when it was located near the Aleutian Islands of Alaska .
In Japan , chopstick rests are usually used at formal dinners and placed on the front-left side of the dishes .
A fourth and final edition of Lyrical Ballads was published in 1805 .
Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March , demanding that he hand over all power to the Austrian National Socialists or face an invasion .
In the time trial , he overtook the five-time Tour de France winner , Jacques Anquetil , who for 15 years had been the world 's best time-triallist .
Three binary operations .
The sign of the Spearman correlation indicates the direction of association between X and Y. If Y tends to increase when X increases , the Spearman correlation coefficient is positive . If Y tends to decrease when X increases , the Spearman correlation coefficient is negative .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC , released in March 1977 .
These works provided for the Way , which was divided by rites and music .
They begin to fight and it appears that Eryx is going to beat Hercules , but then Hercules finally ends the fight by killing Eryx .
Nam could not get this exemption because she had not competed at the 1999 World Junior Championships . 1999 was the last year that the U.S. Figure Skating Championships were held after the World Junior Championships .
The instrument was also known as a fidel or a viuola , although the French name for the instrument , vielle , is generally used .
Enfranchised in , the Mariners are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
In modern cryptography , symmetric key ciphers are generally divided into stream ciphers and block ciphers .
The modern form , `` Mauna Kea , '' means `` white mountain '' in the Hawaiian language , a reference to its summit being regularly covered by snow in winter .
Arena Football is a variety of gridiron football .
Furthermore , half of the opera takes place in a historical setting , and half takes place in the mythological Venusberg .
These two dynasties were originally considered to be the full extent of this unified kingdom , but historians now consider the 13th Dynasty to at least partially belong to the Middle Kingdom .
Articles dealing with various countries and cities typically give an account of the place 's general history , followed by a separate detailed account of its Jewish history where it has one ; in particular , for places which were under Nazi rule a detailed account is given of the fate of its Jewish community during the Holocaust .
In 1998 Vézina was ranked number 75 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players .
Khojak Pass connects Qila Abdullah with Chaman in the province of Baluchistan , Pakistan .
The supermarket chain operates three main store formats ; regular Sainsbury 's stores , Sainsbury 's Local and Sainsbury 's Central and Sainsbury 's ` Main Plus ' stores .
`` Ca n't Stop This Thing We Started '' is a song by Bryan Adams .
Since there is only one complementary base for any of the bases found in DNA and in RNA , one can reconstruct a complementary strand for any single strand .
There are also important works from the 14th and 15th centuries , including a Madonna attributed to Luca Signorelli .
Boise is a city located in the Northwestern United States in the state of Idaho . Boise is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Idaho as well as the county seat of Ada County .
G major is a major scale based on G , with the pitches G , A , B , C , D , E , and F .
Gresso is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In retaliation , Michaels slapped Flair in the face , which caused him to start bleeding from the mouth .
Viral culture is a laboratory test in which samples are placed with a cell medium that the virus being tested for is able to infect .
Abyss first appeared in Ring of Honor in 2004 , being brought in as a bodyguard to the stable Special K. Abyss appeared only once , however , due to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling pulling all of their contracted talent from ROH .
Its collections , which number more than seven million objects , are amongst the largest and most comprehensive in the world and originate from all continents , illustrating and documenting the story of human culture from its beginning to the present .
The electrons in an atom are attracted to the protons in the nucleus by the electromagnetic force .
The district mainly consists of the areas north of the Havel river .
The park has been a protected area since 1910 , first under the care of the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir and later under the observation of the concerned government authorities .
In 711 , an expedition led by Muhammad bin Qasim defeated Raja Dahir at what is now Hyderabad in Sindh and established Umayyad rule by 712 .
Gaelic football and hurling are the most popular activities promoted by the organization , and the most popular sports in the country .
It was named after the sister of Katherine in Shakespeare 's play The Taming of the Shrew .
All of these codes later switched from three repeats of the letter to four repeats .
The 2007 Macropædia has 699 in-depth articles , ranging in length from 2 to 310 pages and having references and named contributors .
To the north the canton is bounded by the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Bern ; the cantons of Uri and Ticino lie to its east .
Its county seat is Wadesboro .
Kay released her seventeenth single `` Koi ni Ochitara '' on May 18 , 2005 . `` Koi ni Ochitara '' was used as the theme song for the drama `` Koi ni Ochitara : Boku no Seikō no Himitsu '' .
Valennes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
They are responsible for the metallic blues , greens , golds , and silvers often seen on cuttlefish .
It is located in the south district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria , near the border with Austria , some 30 km south of Salzburg and 180 km southeast of Munich .
These transactions are recorded on the bank 's books , and the resulting balance is recorded as a liability for the bank , and represent the amount owed by the bank to the customer .
The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once , in 1989 , and four players have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame ; the most recent electee is Al MacInnis , who was enshrined in 2007 .
The charts below show the way in which the International Phonetic Alphabet represents French language pronunciations in Wikipedia articles .
These authorities would then `` buy '' their agricultural produce at vastly reduced prices and use the surplus to invest in heavy industry .
Saint-F élix - de-Foncaude is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He lost to Shinjiro Otani in the match , but WCW went on to win the series .
Frontenac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Santa Catarina State won control of the region , and since then it has been under its jurisdiction .
Unione Sportiva Città di Palermo is an Italian football club from Palermo , Sicily which currently plays in Serie A , the top level of Italian football .
All members of the genus Musa are indigenous to the tropical regions of Southeast Asia and Oceania , including the Malay Archipelago and Northern Australia .
With winds of 175 mph , Hurricane David was the strongest hurricane to strike the Dominican Republic in recorded history , and the deadliest since the 1930 Dominican Republic Hurricane .
Francheleins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Registered users of Skype are identified by a unique Skype Name .
Lubanki , Also known as Labanki is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Lubanas tribal grouping in India and Pakistan .
In Harry Patch 's book The Last Fighting Tommy , the author claims that Allingham planned to leave his body to medical science . In his own book Kitchener 's Last Volunteer Allingham confirmed that he was intending to leave his body to medical science .
Benson was born in Birmingham , Alabama .
Millard and his chief engineer Joe Killian turned to the microprocessor .
De Haan is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
St. Catherines Island , also known as Santa Catalina , is one of the Sea Islands or Golden Isles on the coast of the U.S. state of Georgia , 50 miles south of Savannah in Liberty County .
It is , however , illegal in Clark County , which contains Las Vegas ; Washoe County , which contains Reno ; Carson City ; and some other counties .
They originate from the protection symbols .
The development section begins on D major and touches on D minor and C major before the work returns to G major for the recapitulation - a repetition of the exposition with both subjects in the same key , as is conventional .
In those cases the rank of grand cross may come after another rank .
The tracks were extended to South Pier and a line on Station Road connecting Lytham Road to the promenade in 1897 .
Crewe crater on Mars is named after the town of Crewe .
Later models of the 727 were stretched to accommodate more passengers , and they ended up replacing earlier jet airliners , such as the Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8 , on domestic routes .
2021 will be a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar .
Cadenet is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
V Dutch sales figures provided refer to `` Popular '' albums .
Liège is located in the center of the golden triangle Paris - Amsterdam - Frankfurt that handles 66 % of European freight , 75 % when taken together with London .
The family includes about 50 genera and 550 species , with a pantropical distribution ; one genus extends north into temperate China and south into southeast Australia , and another nearly as far north .
The Romans called the area Vallis Poenina .
This enabled the train to set the UK rail speed record of 162.2 mph in December 1979 , a record that stood for 23 years .
Various networking and IRC technology implemented to date .
Aqua is the Latin word for water .
Siegmund `` Sigi '' Nissel was an German-born British violinist who played second violin in the Amadeus Quartet and served as its administrator .
Schmelzer was the foremost Austrian composer of instrumental music of his day , and had an important influence on the Austrian violinist and composer Heinrich Ignaz Franz Biber , who is believed to have been one of Schmelzer 's students .
Sainte-Gemme is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
S/2004 S 13 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Dozens of emergency workers and nearby residents were hospitalised and hundreds of thousands of others were forced to remain indoors for 24 hours .
The Nevada Test Site is a United States Department of Energy reservation located in southeastern Nye County , Nevada , about 65 m northwest of the city of Las Vegas .
To satisfy both the Iranian and British authorities , the couple were married three times , once in Iran and twice in the UK , in the Iranian Embassy as well as in a regular UK civil ceremony ; they have five children .
The celebrations began on the 25th when Hugo was presented with a Sèvres vase , the traditional gift for sovereigns .
He also became a professor at the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts in 1935 .
One of the most famous teachers at Tuskegee was George Washington Carver , whose name is synonymous with innovative research into Southern farming method and crops .
Thus even though there was always some amount of variety in the early Church 's liturgical worship , there was also a great deal of unity .
She later explained that `` what hurt at Binghamton was that while I was trying to stand up for us being treated the same as men , the other girls held the tournament draw without me .
Since some ocarinas are fully chromatic instruments that can be played at the professional level in many musical backgrounds , including classical and folk , sheet music is the ideal notation to use for ocarinas .
The Gospel According to Matthew commonly shortened to the Gospel of Matthew , is one of the four Canonical gospels and is the first book of the New Testament .
Vocalist Chris Martin was inspired by the sight and the song 's main melody , consisting of a chord pattern , popped into his head .
They were at first inspired by The Beatles and other sixties pop groups like The Kinks .
These tentacles are arranged into two circles and , unlike the tentacles of other cephalopods , they have no suckers , are undifferentiated and retractable .
It has been speculated that Houdini was killed accidentally by a McGill University student , J. Gordon Whitehead , who delivered multiple blows to Houdini 's abdomen while he was in Montreal , in order to test Houdini 's claim that he was able to take a blow to the body above the waist without injury .
Inductive informal fallacies are slightly different from their deductive counterparts , as their merit rests in the inductive strength of the premise-conclusion link rather than in the presence of hidden premises .
In 2008 Inge Sielmann , the widow of Heinz Sielmann , donate a special prize for filmmakers that ist endowed with 5,000 Euros .
The definition of `` peace '' can vary with religion , culture , or subject of study .
Regina is the capital of Saskatchewan , Canada .
Between 15 and 20 cities were considered to host the event , with fewer than half of the shortlist invited to pitch their bids at WWE 's headquarters at Stamford , Connecticut .
The episode was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by David Silverman .
Once defeated , Specter attempts to fire the laser , but Hikaru states that humans will never give up , and captures him . Hikaru and Pipotchi then flee the exploding moonbase .
However , at the age of 18 , he predeceased his father when he died of typhoid fever .
Pethidine is also relatively contraindicated for use when a patient is suffering from liver , or kidney disease , has a history of seizures or epilepsy , has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems , or suffers from hypothyroidism , asthma , or Addison 's disease .
Halifax Regional Municipality is the capital of the province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
On the Waterfront , consistently listed among the five best American films ever , was shot in Hoboken , dramatically highlighting the rough and tumble lives of longshoremen and the infiltration of unions by organized crime .
The game 's soundtrack was composed by Kō Ōtani , who also composed the music for Shadow of the Colossus , a variety of Gamera films , and various anime .
At least three islands are inhabited , which are Fongafale , the main island in the east , Funafala in the south , and Amatuku in the north .
Based in San Diego , California , Lindows , Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications .
Nipissing District , Ontario is a district in Northeastern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario .
It was downgraded to a tropical depression near Clarksville , Tennessee , but its remnants were last distinguishable in the eastern Great Lakes region on August 31 , when it was absorbed by a frontal boundary . The resulting extratropical storm moved rapidly to the northeast and affected eastern Canada .
In 1987 , the office of Alabama Attorney General Don Siegelman issued an opinion in which the Battle Flag derivation is repeated , but concluded that the proper shape is rectangular , as it had been depicted numerous times in official publications and reproductions .
Debuting in September 1999 on the WB , the show was broadcast following Buffy on Tuesday evenings .
Due to the relatively lower level of proteins in vegetable matter , herbivore manure has a milder smell than the dung of carnivores or omnivores - for example , elephant dung is practically odorless .
Rudolf was a textile manufacturer in Hechingen .
Beatification is the third of the four steps in the canonization process .
Then , two Palauan natives , Edwin and Joe , taught Koror how to fish , gave them additional fishing equipment , and held a feast .
Christians who specialise in evangelism are known as evangelists whether they are in their home communities or acting as missionaries in the field .
In the first episode , Ash Ketchum receives his Pikachu from Professor Oak as his starting Pokémon .
They have that , indeed , but , in equal measure they express the milieu in which he lived and they show that when he got behind a camera , he became a giant , a true inventor , a veritable force of invention , a recreator of life . ''
Among many poems that Iraj composed , his well-known poems include Satan , Mother , A Letter to a Poet Aref Ghazvini , Woman 's Picture , Story of the Veil or Hijab and the Story of Zohreh and Manouchehr , which is based on William Shakespeare 's Venus and Adonis .
The Three Choirs Festival , originating in the eighteenth century and one of the oldest music festivals in Europe , is held in Gloucester every third year , the other venues being Hereford and Worcester .
Other Lancashire magistrates learned of Nowell 's discovery of witchcraft in the county , and on 15 April 1612 JP Robert Holden began investigations in his own area of Samlesbury .
Usually , the storm makes landfall in the Mexican states of Baja California or Sonora and the remaining moisture affects the state .
The word comes from the Greek αρχι , which means `` first '' or `` chief '' , and επισκοπος , which means `` overseer '' or `` supervisor '' .
Frodo leaves , taking his gardener and friend , Samwise Gamgee , and two cousins , Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took , to help him .
Back in Ulong , Stephenie was unsure if Bobby Jon is still committed to his pact with her and made a back-up alliance with Ibrehem , but the latter was non-committal .
Studies have shown that hallucinatory experiences take place worldwide .
Gergiev has also been a consistent supporter of peace in the Caucasus , particularly in the conflict between the Georgian central government and South Ossetia .
In computer storage , disk buffer is the embedded memory in a hard drive acting as a buffer between the computer and the physical hard disk platter that is used for storage .
Loupeigne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
After the storm passed , the city was rebuilt using more modern materials and updated building techniques .
When Hera discovered that Leto was pregnant and that Zeus was the father , she banned Leto from giving birth on `` terra-firma '' , or the mainland , or any island at sea .
Lüsslingen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .
Once the railway line was extended under the street in 1865 to join the two , Princes Bridge was closed . It was not reopened until April 1879 , and from 1909 slowly became amalgamated into Flinders Street .
Prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the UK , the largest of which in Star City , Birmingham had a floor area of around 950 square metres .
Omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet .
El caso del Centro de Estudios sobre América '' , which strongly built upon Giuliano 's book to offer further insights on relations between Cuba 's political apparatus and the country 's intellectuals .
Along with this development , tea plantation owners in Uji perfected techniques for producing excellent tea for matcha .
Pilate appears in all four canonical Christian Gospels .
Izeste is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
U is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , used to represent the vowel except after palatalized consonants .
Carolingian , though legible , was time-consuming and labour-intensive to produce .
In early 1986 , the Christmas Island Assembly held a design competition for an island flag ; the winning design was adopted as the informal flag of the territory for over a decade , and in 2002 it was made the official flag of Christmas Island .
Damaged areas are cut or ground out , then welded back up to their original or an improved profile .
For official forecasts , see the NHC 's public advisory archive on Subtropical Storm Nicole .
It is a remake of the Nintendo 64 launch title Super Mario 64 , with the game 's 3D engine mirroring many visual effects used in the original game .
Joncreuil is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
Dew Process is an Australian independent record label based in Brisbane , Queensland founded by Paul Piticco .
The Kobuk River is a river located in the Arctic region of northwestern Alaska in the United States .
The Metropolitan Opera Association of New York City , founded in April 1880 , is a major presenter of all types of opera including Grand Opera .
He gives Lulu a revolver , and orders her to kill herself , but when the Schoolboy comes out from under the table he is distracted and she shoots Schön instead .
Bartók studied piano under István Thomán , a former student of Franz Liszt , and composition under János Koessler at the Royal Academy of Music in Budapest from 1899 to 1903 .
The Mets play in Hunter Wright Stadium named after Mayor Hunter Wright .
In his 19-year tenure with the Devils , he has led the team to three Stanley Cup championships and has taken them to the playoffs every year but one .
Helena Bonham Carter is an English actress .
Ravel began work with impresario Sergei Diaghilev during 1909 for the ballet Daphnis et Chloé commissioned by Diaghilev with the lead danced by the great Vaslav Nijinsky .
Over half of the ecoregions in the Global 200 are rated endangered .
The 6Pul units were designated 6Cor until 1935 .
By the 6th millennium BC , evidence of a prehistoric religion or cult appears , with a number of sacrificed cattle buried in stone-roofed chambers lined with clay .
Steel with increased carbon content can be made harder and stronger than iron , but is also less ductile .
Seengen is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
He then toured with the Fletcher Henderson Orchestra .
The city is named after James T. Archer .
She used Abyss to defeat her ex-boyfriend Erik Watts to win his contract .
Adrien Brody is an American actor .
Chiarelli was elected as the first mayor of the newly amalgamated city of Ottawa on November 13 , 2000 , and was re-elected on November 10 , 2003 .
From 1998 onward , alternative terms for free software came into use . The most common are `` software libre '' , `` free and open source software '' and `` free , libre and open source software '' .
The Secret of NIMH is a 1982 animated film adaptation of the Newbery Medal-winning book Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH , written by author Robert C. O'Brien .
Its capital is Zaragoza .
In 1948 , Monroe signed a six-month contract with Columbia Pictures and was introduced to the studio 's head drama coach Natasha Lytess , who became her acting coach for several years .
Ancinnes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
With the growth of satellite and internet radio , there are regular broadcast outlets for rockabilly music . The not-for-profit Rockabilly Hall of Fame was created March 21 , 1997 to remember the early rockabilly music and to promote those who want to continue rockabilly music popularity and accessibility into the future .
Isle-Aubigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Babayan was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
Of those storms , twelve became hurricanes .
Initially , Dave did not want help from Evolution and wanted to confront JBL by himself .
The Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change is a 700-page report released on October 30 , 2006 by economist Nicholas Stern for the British government , which discusses the effect of global warming on the world economy .
Serbs are a South Slavic people living in the Central Europe and the Balkans , between the Balkan and Carpathian mountains in the east and the Adriatic sea in the west . They are located mainly in Serbia , Montenegro , Bosnia-Herzegovina , and , to a lesser extent , in Croatia .
To the east , the Bucegi Mountains have a very steep slope towards the popular tourist destination Prahova Valley .
Trinity has many notable alumni - including princes , spies , poets and prime ministers - but perhaps its two most distinguished are Isaac Newton and Ludwig Wittgenstein .
The stories were previously published separately as Lark Rise in 1939 , Over to Candleford in 1941 and Candleford Green in 1943 .
The Greater Middle East is a political term coined by the Bush administration to englobe together various countries , pertaining to the Muslim world , specifically Iran , Turkey , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Disputed applications to the Land Registry are determined by the Adjudicator to HM Land Registry , an independent office created by the Land Registration Act 2002 . Under previous legislation this function had been the responsibility of the Chief Land Registrar .
Chad , officially known as the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in central Africa .
Lawrenceburg is a city in Dearborn County , Indiana , United States .
Oconto County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
The series ' final scene finds her on a ship headed to Egypt , where she intends to continue the fight for the Greater Good , with Xena accompanying her in spirit .
The album is split in two stylistically , with tracks 1 through 7 featuring electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ .
He was voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1974 .
The words Khurd and Kalan are administrative terminology dating back to Mughal times - to differentiate two areas with the same name , hence Birote Khurd means little Khurd . The words Khurd and Kalan are taken form Persian . .
The Three Laws form an organizing principle and unifying theme for Asimov 's fiction , appearing in his Robot series and the other stories linked to it , as well as his Lucky Starr series of science-oriented young-adult fiction .
The most powerful successor state to Kievan Rus ' was Moscow , which served as the main force in the Russian reunification process and independence struggle against the Golden Horde .
While technically the term is limited to the third largest party or third oldest party , it is common , though innumerate , shorthand for any smaller party .
Sir William Sterndale Bennett was an English composer and pianist .
An example is a Unix server where multiple remote users have access to the Unix shell prompt at the same time .
Foster currently sits on the Board of Trustees at architectural charity Article 25 who design , construct and manage innovative , safe , sustainable buildings in some of the most inhospitable and unstable regions of the world .
He was the founder of the Seville school .
Biochemistry is the study of the chemical processes in living organisms .
Edmund `` Eddie '' Irvine , Jr. is a former racing driver from Northern Ireland .
They were built specifically for the Lea Valley Line , were all withdrawn in 1977 , and none survive to this day .
Louis David Riel was a Canadian politician , a founder of the province of Manitoba , and leader of the Métis people of the Canadian prairies .
Control engineering is the engineering discipline that focuses on the modeling of a diverse range of dynamic systems and the design of controllers that will cause these systems to behave in the desired manner .
Jahanian tehsil is subdivided into 12 Union Councils .
One of the most significant logicians of all time , Gödel made an immense impact upon scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century , a time when many , such as Bertrand Russell , A. N. Whitehead and David Hilbert , were pioneering the use of logic and set theory to understand the foundations of mathematics .
During that same year , the Greek cities in Sicily were induced to revolt against Roman political control , while the Macedonian king , Philip V , pledged his support to Hannibal - thus initiating the First Macedonian War against Rome .
Barguna is a district in South-western Bangladesh .
She held the rank of Commander .
Domezain-Berraute is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Some are arboreal , with long balancing tails and other adaptations for climbing , while others are semiaquatic , with webbed feet and small external ears .
Nundle Courthouse and Police Station have been placed on the Register of the National Estate .
Four years after her death the king privately wedded a handsome young gentlewoman , Kirsten Munk , by whom he had twelve children - a connection which was to be disastrous to Denmark .
Orbec is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
In October 2009 , an Austrian court ruled it illegal to call Jörg Haider a homosexual . The ruling was issued in a lawsuit initiated by Jörg Haider 's wife Claudia Haider .
This category contains template sandbox pages .
The Great Nundle Dog Race , only open to working dogs , is run on the first Sunday in May and attracts many visitors .
His parents are of Ashkenazi Jewish descent , with ancestors from Austria , Russia , and Lithuania , and Ronson was brought up in Conservative Judaism . Ronson is related to British Conservative politicians Sir Malcolm Rifkind and Leon Brittan , and has younger twin sisters , Charlotte Ronson , a fashion designer , and Samantha Ronson a singer and DJ .
On September 24 , 1991 , Blood Sugar Sex Magik was released .
After they have all gone below the ship to row , the Mariner walks out onto the deck and threatens to drop a flare into the oil reserves unless the Deacon releases Enola .
The station was formerly called Bethnal Green Junction and was also served by trains on the Great Eastern Main Line .
Sturgeon is the common name used for some 26 species of fish in the family Acipenseridae , including the genera Acipenser , Huso , Scaphirhynchus and Pseudoscaphirhynchus .
These examples use the image parameter to specify an image other than the default images .
Taxicabs too can be found around the city .
Benjamin Todd `` Ben '' Roethlisberger , nicknamed Big Ben , is an American football quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League .
Hotonnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In appearance it looks like a smaller version of the Large White .
The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea .
Keeping that in mind may help you avoid becoming a `` biter . ''
Rödental is a town in the district of Coburg , in northern Bavaria , Germany .
Before 1981 , the territories were known as colonies or Crown colonies .
It is located on the River Wye , close to its confluence with the River Severn , and close to the western end of the Severn Bridge on the M48 motorway .
The four yellow arrows symbolize the native nations of Brazil , whereas their pointing into the four cardinal directions of the compass stands for the centralized emanating political power of Brasilia , as the capital of the country .
She was also a member of the original Los Angeles , California cast of Beauty and the Beast and toured around the world with A Chorus Line in 1986 .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 77.7 square miles , of which , 66.0 square miles of it is land and 11.7 square miles of it is water .
The alkali metals are a series of chemical elements forming Group 1 of the periodic table : lithium , sodium , potassium , rubidium , caesium , and francium . .
Although basil will grow best outdoors , it can be grown indoors in a pot and , like most herbs , will do best on an equator-facing windowsill .
The city of Mardan is the headquarters of the district .
It borders Broomhill to the south , Walkley and Crookesmoor to the east and open countryside around the River Rivelin to the north .
In the 1924 - 25 season , he joined the Duluth Hornets , playing 40 games , recording a shutout in 11 of them .
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the department and enforces and suggests laws involving unions , the workplace , and all other issues involving any form of business-person controversies .
Nissel became a teacher of young quartets at the Royal Academy of Music .
Two of Adams ' uncles , Dominic and Patrick Adams , had been interned by the governments in Belfast and Dublin .
It covers on area of 18,909 square kilometers and is located to the north of the central plateau of Iran .
Excluding Ukrainians , this total includes people of many different nationalities of which Hungarians , Romanians and Rusyns constitute significant minorities in some of the province 's cities , while in others , they form the majority of the population .
Hiromitsu Isogai is a former Japanese football player .
On August 25 the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Ernesto , and the storm was briefly upgraded to a hurricane while located near Haiti before striking Florida as a weak tropical storm .
Juno was delighted with this gift but , as soon as she sat in it her weight triggered hidden springs and metal bands sprung forth to hold her fast .
Clifton Beach or Seaview is a beach in Karachi , Pakistan located on the Arabian Sea . It is one of the neighborhoods of Clifton , Saddar Town .
Venice is a city in Madison County , Illinois , United States .
In 2003 , at age 12 , she became the youngest woman to ever win the senior title at the South Korean Figure Skating Championships .
You Want It You Got It is Bryan Adams 's second solo album , and was released in 1981 .
This is a template that was created to easily update every article with the 2009 - 10 NHL Central Division standings . To use the update on any article , insert :
From 1985-1989 he was Principal Conductor of the Bournemouth Sinfonietta .
Brawl , Charizard is now playable , under the command of the Pokémon Trainer .
If one crosses the date line at precisely midnight , going westward , one skips an entire day ; while going eastward , one repeats the entire day .
`` Wo n't Go Home Without You '' is the third single released from Maroon 5 's second album , It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long .
Research into the food industry of the United States , whose food supply is the most diverse and abundant of any country in the world , found food waste occuring at the beginning of food production .
On the 25 June 2008 , the BBC announced that they had been developing a new version of the iPlayer that is based on user feedback - it was then called `` BBC iPlayer 2.0 '' .
Estrées is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The younger son of Greg , a Vietnam veteran , and Bernadette Donaldson he grew up in the small northern New South Wales township of Dorrigo , attending Dorrigo High School , a small state comprehensive co-educational secondary public school , until 1996 .
The town became a recreational area for the expanding city of Berlin .
Other older historians who challenged such justifications for the Partitions included French historian Jules Michelet , British historian and politician Thomas Babington Macaulay , 1st Baron Macaulay , and Edmund Burke .
This is very different from Herodotus , who frequently mentions the role of the gods , as well as a nearly ubiquitous divine presence in the centuries-earlier poems of Homer .
At that time , the company also developed its famous GG logo , the Flora silk scarf , and the Jackie O shoulder bag , made famous by Jackie Kennedy , the wife of U.S. President John F. Kennedy .
The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup , commonly known as the Scottish Cup , and as the Active Nation Scottish Cup for sponsorship reasons , is the main national cup competition in Scottish football . It is a knockout cup competition run by and named after the Scottish Football Association .
Saxe-Eisenach was the name of three different duchies that existed at different times in the German province of Thuringia .
This template prevents word wraps in text and links that contain spaces .
Instead of using the field in these instances , simply use the appropriate field .
2 UEFA expelled Partizan from the 2007 - 08 UEFA Cup due to crowd trouble at their away tie in Mostar , which forced the match to be interrupted for 10 minutes .
In the United Kingdom and United States , the word footpath is also used to mean a trail ; however in Australian English , New Zealand English , Indian English this word means `` sidewalk '' or `` pavement '' .
Acidic solutions of permanganate are reduced to the faintly pink manganese ion and water .
He is also a noted piano teacher for children .
When they arrive Hercules asks where all the women are , Pithus tells him that they were stolen by the creatures in the forest .
Ifs is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Jasper provides a bottle of wine to Durdles .
It was he who came up with the idea of Presidential government based on the so-called `` 25/48/53 formula '' .
The school advertised on the last page is the one he set up in Ashbourne , Derbyshire for their two illegitimate children , Susanna and Mary .
Marzahn-Hellersdorf is the tenth borough of Berlin , formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf .
Vendhuile is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Francisco Guerrero , the second and current incarnation of El Gato Negro , is Agustin 's grandson .
Des Moines is the largest city in Iowa and the state 's political , economic , and cultural center .
Joseph William `` Joe '' Namath , also known as Broadway Joe or Joe Willie , is a former American football quarterback .
His parents had emigrated to England just before Morrissey 's birth and , along with his only sibling , Morrissey was raised in Harper Street in Hulme , Manchester .
Archaeognaths are found in a wide range of habitats , and are unusual among insects in that they can even be found in the Arctic where they live in leaf litter and rock crevices .
Mercyful Fate are a Danish heavy metal band from Copenhagen .
Food colorings can be used to dye fabric , but are usually not wash-fast when used on cotton , hemp and other plant fibers .
Les Oubeaux is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Dizy-le-Gros is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
By the time Henry VIII of England succeeded , the castle was the property of the Crown again .
Prosecution for crimes and misdemeanors that do relate to the Councillors ' official capacity requires the assent of the Federal Assembly .
That 's what and its helper templates are packaging in an easy to use way .
Bury 's largest landmark is the British Sugar factory near the A14 , which processes sugar beet into refined crystal sugar .
It is named after Charles-Augustin de Coulomb .
Morphine has a high potential for addiction ; tolerance and both physical and psychological dependence develop rapidly .
Anne visits him , sings him to sleep , then quietly leaves him .
In 1970 the site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the U.S. Department of the Interior .
Gibbard took the band name from the title of the song written by Neil Innes and Vivian Stanshall and performed by their group , the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band , in The Beatles ' 1967 film , Magical Mystery Tour .
The series takes place in the year 2517 , on several planets and moons .
Ridiculing anti-tobacco activists was also outlawed , as was the use of advertising posters along rail tracks , in rural regions , stadiums and racing tracks .
Chipping Ongar is a small market town and civil parish in the Epping Forest district of the County of Essex , England .
The radula is unique to the molluscs , and is found in all classes of mollusks except for the bivalves .
KSpread also has the ability to import several spreadsheet formats , including Microsoft Excel , Applix Spreadsheet , Quattro Pro and CSV .
Observing the Roman Catholic Church activities in Yugoslavia for more than fifty years , Novak concluded that this Church replaced the idea of service to God with service to the Roman Curia , i.e. , to the government of Roman Pontificate in the role of world leader .
A water wheel is a machine for converting the energy of flowing or falling water into useful forms of power , the development of hydropower .
A very small portion of the historic Oakwood Cemetery , added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 , and burial place of Samuel Wilson , a possible namesake of Uncle Sam , resides within the northwestern part of the town .
Sinclair 's works had been accepted by and were widely read in the USSR , and were known to Eisenstein . The two had mutual admiration and between the end of October 1930 , and Thanksgiving of that year , Sinclair had secured an extension of Eisenstein 's absences from the USSR , and permission for him to travel to Mexico to make a film to be produced by Sinclair and his wife , Mary Craig Kimbrough Sinclair , and three other investors organized as the Mexican Film Trust .
Simone played at the Midtown Bar & Grill on Pacific Avenue in Atlantic City to fund her study .
Basic forms of Klondike solitaire and FreeCell come with every current installation of Microsoft Windows .
Here is an example of RSA encryption and decryption .
In 1845 it joined the United States as the 28th state .
Indeed , the phrase `` Candy stripe '' is a generic description of the candy cane color scheme .
The original railway station opened in 1876 , and was replaced by the current structure on an island platform when the railway was deviated and duplicated in 1916 .
DM .00 = DM .00
Within a few months Currenti was replaced by Phil Rudd and Mark Evans was hired as a permanent bassist , and AC/DC began recording their second album T.N.T. , which was released in Australia in December 1975 . The first AC/DC album to gain international distribution however was a compilation of tracks from the first two albums , also entitled High Voltage , which was released in May 1976 .
The town was historically agricultural , but began experiencing suburban sprawl in the later decades of the 20th century , which continues currently .
Alexander 's troops mimicked the practice and brought saffron-bathing back to Greece .
In 1977 , Saul Swimmer directed U.S.-Spanish co-production The Black Pearl aka La Perla Negra .
Mascaraàs - Haron is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The nagamaki handle was wrapped with cords in criss-crossed manner , very similar to the wrapping that is made on katana .
Bhakkar is an administrative subdivision , of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The final version of the song featured Artis the Spoonman playing his spoons as part of the song 's instrumental .
Cadillac-en-Fronsadais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A day or two later , in broken hilly country full of water-courses , they had great difficulty in finding a road for the loaded carts , deciding on 27 October to abandon them .
In music , the term Young Poland is applied to an informal group of composers that include Karol Szymanowski , Grzegorz Fitelberg , Ludomir Różycki and possibly Mieczysław Karłowicz .
The FLOSS Manuals foundation , an organization devoted to creating manuals for free software , decided to eschew the GFDL in favor of the GPL for its texts in 2007 , citing the incompatibility between the two , difficulties in implementing the GFDL , and the fact that the GFDL `` does not allow for easy duplication and modification '' , especially for digital documentation .
The second is to make wrought iron or steel from pig iron by a further process .
Neo enters into the Machine City to strike a bargain with the Machines , personified by the Deus Ex Machina .
Branches from the City Loop at Southern Cross and Flagstaff stations .
All air raid warnings were initiated from this bunker by red , yellow and white flares .
Later design changes included significant amounts of blue , and a one season reversion to white shorts , although the all-red scheme returned in 1997 .
Redding is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
Lower Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships into which Poland is currently divided .
Again , Himalia appears only a few pixels across .
Dougherty 's actions seem to contradict these claims : he remarried months after Monroe divorced him ; his sister told the December 1952 Modern Screen Magazine that he left Monroe because she wanted to pursue modeling , after he initially gave her permission to do so ; he confirmed Monroe 's version of the beginning of their relationship in an A&E Network Monroe documentary that his mother had asked him to marry her so that she would not be returned to an orphanage .
QI is a British comedy panel game television quiz show created and co-produced by John Lloyd , hosted by Stephen Fry , and featuring permanent panellist Alan Davies .
The Proton Savvy is a supermini hatchback produced by Malaysian car manufacturer Proton .
A descendant of the late Clow Reed , creator of the Clow Cards ' and their guardians , Syaoran travels to Japan from Hong Kong to recapture the cards , but finds his goal complicated as he comes to respect Sakura and begins aiding her instead .
Müller 's 1939 medical dissertation was the world 's first controlled epidemiological study of the relationship between tobacco and lung cancer .
It is sometimes abbreviated to cu m , m3 , m ^ 3 or m \*\* 3 when superscript characters or markup can not be used .
A Gutter , similar to typography , is the space in between printed postage stamps . When stamps are printed on large sheets of paper that will be guillotined into smaller sheets along the gutter it will not exist on the finished sheet of stamps .
The Balkan range runs 560 km from the Vrashka Chuka Peak on the border between Bulgaria and eastern Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea .
For the years 99 BC to 99AD especially , microformats may not be emitted properly unless expressed in the form YYYY-MM-DD .
Fifty-six locomotives were built .
In 1906 , Percival Lowell , a wealthy Bostonian who had founded the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Arizona in 1894 , started an extensive project in search of a possible ninth planet , which he termed `` Planet X '' .
The history of philosophy is customarily divided into six periods : Ancient philosophy , Medieval philosophy , Renaissance philosophy , Early and Late Modern philosophy and Contemporary philosophy .
Shawnee Park was legally restricted to whites from 1924 to 1954 , although park officials and police had a de facto policy of denying blacks access to the park for some years prior to that .
When conscription was introduced and food and fuel supplies restricted , these societies began to suffer .
Christine Anu is an Australian pop singer .
They have one daughter , Ashley Blazer , who later became a social worker .
Due to being surrounded by hills in a river valley , Florence can be hot and humid from June to August .
As of May 2009 , Elaheh and Ghazale are college students .
This means that the protection of freedom of speech as a right includes not only the content , but also the means of expression .
The company became one of the leaders of the independent film revolution of the 1990s .
Harald Konopka is a former German football player .
This characterization is no longer true .
Some items will cause a Pokémon to evolve , and also holding an item while trading to another player can make the Pokémon evolve with the items help or evolve in general trading .
In keeping with Wikipedia 's neutral point of view policy , edits in mainspace where there is a clear conflict of interest , or where such a conflict can be reasonably assumed , are strongly discouraged .
First called Muckle Ridge , the city was renamed after a hero of the American Revolution , Francis Marion .
It crossed the Yucatán Peninsula while still a tropical depression from September 27 , then strengthened northward in the Gulf , becoming the most powerful Category 4 Atlantic hurricane before making a second landfall , October 4 , in the Florida Panhandle near Pensacola as a 115-mph hurricane .
The infrastructure and rolling stock is owned by the Victorian Government and operated under contract , the current private operator being KDR Melbourne , operating as Yarra Trams .
Sometimes gatehouses formed part of town fortifications , perhaps defending the passage of a bridge across a river or a moat , as Monnow Bridge in Monmouth . York has four important gatehouses , known as `` Bars '' , in its city walls .
Meher Baba designed a rainbow flag on April 23 , 1924 .
The arena was converted into a cemetery .
It is the county seat of Quay County .
A breach of warranty occurs when the promise is broken , i.e. , a product is defective or not as should be expected by a reasonable buyer .
San Cristóbal is a municipality and the capital of the San Cristóbal province in the Dominican Republic . Within the municipality there is one municipal district : Hato Damas .
The city then measured 19 by 13 kilometres , with a population of nearly a million people .
In 1970 Chitral was absorbed into Pakistan as the new Chitral District , until 2000 within Malakand Division .
One colorful visit was from the American entertainer Buffalo Bill who brought his Western show in 1890 .
Its county seat is Madill .
Casteide-Doat is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Various activities to upgrade students ' Chinese standard are Extensive Reading Scheme , Creative Writing Class , Chinese Week , Prose Writing Class , Reading Club , Modern Poetry Writing Class , Verse-speaking Gathering , Story Writing Class , and Seminar on Reading , Seminar on Modern Poetry , Intra-school and Inter-school Chinese Debate Competitions and Report and Comment on Chinese ` Words of Wisdom ' .
Originally based at Exhibition Stadium , the team began playing its home games at the SkyDome , upon completion of its construction in . Since 2000 , the Blue Jays are owned by Rogers Communications , and in 2004 , the SkyDome was purchased by the company , which renamed the venue to Rogers Centre .
He married Caroline Massin , but divorced in 1842 .
Paul Anthony Cook is an English former footballer , currently manager of Sligo Rovers in Ireland .
Not to be confused with the region known as Downtown Expanded , used eventually by the city government in actions urban planning , which also includes parts of the subdistricts of the Mooca , Lapa , Pinheiros and Vila Mariana or with Historic Center São Paulo Which includes only the oldest part of the central region .
Kim Yong-Sik was a Korean football player and manager , and one of the original inductees to the Korean Football Hall of Fame .
His mother encouraged his enthusiasm for reading and learning , introducing him to Robinson Crusoe and Don Quixote .
It is the largest circle that can be drawn on a given sphere .
Tuesday is the usual day for elections in the United States .
But there is no doubt that Soest has been inhabited for a long time ; excavations in the last two decades have uncovered signs of habitation stretching back more than 4000 years .
A hostname is a label that is assigned to a device connected to a computer network and that is used to identify the device in various forms of electronic communication such as the World Wide Web , e-mail or Usenet .
Alan Leslie `` Fluff '' Freeman , MBE was a British disc jockey and radio personality in the United Kingdom for 40 years .
The Colosseum underwent several radical changes of use during the medieval period .
Until the birth of Prince Hisahito , son of Prince Akishino , on September 6 , 2006 , there was a potential succession problem , since Prince Akishino was the only male child to be born into the imperial family since 1965 .
During his years with Billy Eckstine 's big band Blakey became associated with the modern-jazz movement , along with his fellow band members Miles Davis , Dexter Gordon , Fats Navarro and others .
The Bronze Medal of Military Valor is an Italian medal awarded by the King of Italy .
G minor is a minor scale based on G , consisting of the pitches G , A , B , C , D , E , and F. For the harmonic minor scale , the F is raised to F .
Its boundaries include Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , East Sussex , Hampshire , Isle of Wight , Kent , Oxfordshire , Surrey and West Sussex .
The central bank of the country is the Bank of Sierra Leone which is located in the capital , Freetown .
Prime examples in are in the Lady Chapel at Ely , the Screen at Lincoln and externally on the façade of Exeter Cathedral .
As a result of strong wind shear , the depression remained weak and did not strengthen beyond tropical depression status .
The historic county boundaries are with Cumberland to the north , County Durham and Yorkshire to the east , and Lancashire to the south and west .
Mesplède is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
These include about 630 species that attract and trap prey , produce digestive enzymes , and absorb the resulting available nutrients .
In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Harry , Ron , and Hermione leave Hogwarts to complete Dumbledore 's task : to search for and destroy Voldemort 's remaining four Horcruxes , then find and kill the Dark Lord .
Gibson is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
In 1954 , Dupré succeeded Claude Delvincourt as director of the Paris Conservatoire , where he remained until 1956 .
Qualifying 13th on the grid , he made steady progress in climbing through the field , passing Niki Lauda for second on lap 19 . He quickly began to cut the gap to race leader Alain Prost , but before he could attack Prost the race was stopped on lap 31 for safety reasons , as the rain had grown even heavier .
Catherine , among many other noble relations , was the aunt of Emperor Charles V , the papacy 's most significant secular supporter .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1986 . No names were retired , so it was used again in the 1992 season .
A Spiritual successor , sometimes called a Spiritual sequel or a Companion piece , is a successor to a work of fiction which does not directly build upon the storyline established by a previous work as do most traditional prequels or sequels , but nevertheless features many of the same elements , themes , and styles as its source material .
The Plague of 1771 was the last massive outbreak of plague in central Russia , claiming up to 100,000 lives in Moscow alone .
Rhodium is a chemical element that is a rare , silvery-white , hard transition metal and a member of the platinum group .
When Magda Goebbels learned of this affair in October 1938 , she complained to Hitler , a conservative in sexual matters who was fond of Magda and the Goebbels ' young children . He ordered Goebbels to break off his affair , whereupon Goebbels offered his resignation , which Hitler refused .
The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2009 season .
The railway also owns four Finnish steam locomotives , and two wooden-bodied Finnish coaches .
Han '' and the promotional single `` A. Mi .
The newly formed Marilyn Monroe Productions would be paid $ 100,000 plus a share of profits for each film .
In this it directly allowed for the flow of human emotions , something denied by the moralist philosophy of Song Confucianism .
By the time it emerged in 1950 , nationalisation had taken place and it carried British Railways livery .
From 1940 until 1957 , the city was named Molotov , after Vyacheslav Molotov .
With Angle confused , Guerrero executed a Roll-up pin maneuver leading to a successful pinfall , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Championship .
All studio programs and original shows are shot in HD , and all live games and recent game rebroadcasts are shown in HD .
Bautzen I is still used as a prison , and Bautzen II has served as a memorial since 1993 .
Still known as Lefkosia , the city became the island 's capital around the 10th century .
Marmots are members of the genus Marmota , in the rodent family Sciuridae .
Aside from elephants , the word has been used to refer to ivory , elephant tusks , musical horns made of elephant tusks , or a musical instrument resembling such horns .
Whether the Greeks equated Nergal with their god of war , Ares , or whether both drew from a more ancient association is unclear . In the age of Plato , the Greeks called the planet Ἄρεως ἀστἡρ , or `` star of Ares '' .
Richard Bruce `` Dick '' Cheney served as the 46th Vice President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 in the administration of George W. Bush .
Nodaway is a city in Nodaway Township , Adams County , Iowa , United States .
During that time he was an outspoken critic of left-wing tendencies in German society and particular accused the governing SPD of being too soft on left-wing extremists .
When Emo does n't accept his story , Proog becomes desperate and hits him .
In some cases keys are randomly generated using a random number generator or pseudorandom number generator , the latter being a computer algorithm that produces data which appears random under analysis .
Wevelgem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
Batista , however , was sidelined for much of 2003 after he tore his right triceps muscle at a Raw live event in a tag team match against the Dudley Boyz .
By the 1960s , more citizens worked in service industries or for the canton-level government than in manufacturing .
Revolution Studios was a film production company founded in 2000 by Joe Roth , a former chairman of Walt Disney Studios and Twentieth Century Fox .
It has seven subspecies , but only T. m. confinis in the southwest is particularly distinctive , with pale gray-brown underparts .
How to Grow a Woman from the Ground takes influence from different genres , `` drawing equally from traditional bluegrass , progressive acoustic , and singer/songwriter traditions '' , with one critic calling the majority of the album very `` roots oriented '' .
This part of the river saw heavy fighting during Operation Uranus , one of the turning points of the Second World War .
It is said that Chaplin once entered a `` Chaplin look-alike '' competition and came in 3rd .
The writings of medieval European travelers such as Domingo Paes , Fernao Nuniz and Niccolò Da Conti and the literature in local vernaculars provide crucial information about its history . Archaeological excavations at Vijayanagara have revealed the empire 's power and wealth .
The original bookstore was at 31 West 15th St. , and opened during World War I. In 1932 , at the height of the Great Depression , the bookstore was moved to its current flagship location on 18th Street & Fifth Avenue .
At Tennessee , he reeled off undefeated streaks of 33 , 28 , 23 , 19 , and 14 games .
He calls out a poisonous scorpion which stings and nearly kills Percy .
The Antipatrid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty founded by Cassander , the son of Antipater , who declared himself King of Macedon in 302 BC .
Bonaparte abdicated and returned to France after defeat at the Battle of Vitoria in 1813 .
In 1813 , José María Morelos and the Congress of Anáhuac signed the Solemn Act of the Declaration of Independence of Northern America , the first legal document where the separation of the New Spain with respect to Spain is proclaimed .
Several actors made statements expressing their sorrow at Ledger 's death , including Daniel Day-Lewis , who dedicated his Screen Actors Guild Award to Ledger , saying that he was inspired by Ledger 's acting ; Day-Lewis praised Ledger 's performances in Monster 's Ball and Brokeback Mountain , describing the latter as `` unique , perfect . '' Verne Troyer , who was working with Ledger on The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus at the time of his death , had a heart shape , an exact duplicate of a symbol that Ledger scrawled on a piece of paper with his email address , tattooed on his hand in remembrance of Ledger because Ledger `` had made such an impression on . ''
This is to help distinguish between different religious affiliations of the buildings .
Called ashpal or ashbal , roe is consumed grilled , cured , salted , or mixed with other ingredients .
Roaix is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Jerko Leko is a Croatian footballer who currently plays for Monegasque club AS Monaco FC .
The same view was held by Professor Yehuda Bauer of Israel 's Hebrew University and by Shmuel Krakowski , archives director of Israel 's Yad Vashem Holocaust center .
He founded and led the Estado Novo , the authoritarian , right-wing government that presided over and controlled Portugal from 1932 to 1974 .
The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms Zhob Rivers and it flows through Balochistan and drains into Gomal River near Khajuri Kachadd .
The formation of the Friends of Leadbeater 's Possum group is seen as a positive step towards raising the profile of this unique animal and an opportunity to continue to lobby the State Government to properly protect its declining habitat .
As he leaves this valley the sun rises on a new day .
Changing the size of the LV does not necessarily change the size of a filesystem on it ; it merely changes the size of its containing space .
Hallines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
From the 16th to 19th centuries , hot chocolate was valued as a medicine as well as a drink .
The roots of Armenian duduk music go back to the times of the Armenian king Tigran the Great .
In 1927 Banting and John James Rickard Macleod received the Nobel Prize in Medicine .
In 1485 , by the Leipziger division , the brothers split the Wettin possessions , with Ernest receiving northern Meissen , southern Thuringia , and Wittenberg , and Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meissen .
Thurberiphaga diffusa can be found only in southern Arizona .
In 2007 , he was also elected a vice-president of the International Association of Athletics Federations .
Leonid Rubeni Azkaldian was an Armenian physicist and one of the founders and commander of the `` Liberation Army '' military organization .
Most of the large , often colorful , and conspicuous jellyfish found in coastal waters throughout the world are Scyphozoa .
That 's a heck of a range for such a young actor . ''
Nancy Davis Reagan is the widow of former United States President Ronald Reagan and served as an influential First Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Sévignacq is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Deniz Baykal is a Turkish politician and long-time leader of the Republican People 's Party .
Bétracq is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It is bounded by southern Italy including Calabria , Sicily and the Salento peninsula to the west , and by southwestern Albania , including Saranda and Himara , and a large number of Greek islands , including Corfu , Zante , Kephalonia , Ithaka , and Lefkas to the east .
Finally , on November 5 the low pressure system organized and became Tropical Depression Seventeen just east of Nicaragua .
Thomas Wentworth `` Tom '' Wills was an Australian all-round sportsman , umpire , coach and administrator who is credited with being a catalyst towards the invention of Australian rules football .
It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid , but excessive consumption can be hazardous .
`` Stare at the Sun '' is Thrice 's third single from the album The Artist in the Ambulance .
Buxton is home to Poole 's Cavern , an extensive limestone cavern open to the public , and St Ann 's Well , fed by the geothermal spring bottled and sold internationally by Buxton Mineral Water Company .
Aegukka is the national anthem of North Korea .
This template is normally only used by the system , it is the editnotice loader used in MediaWiki .
The books describe village life through the seasons of the year , but for the plays Dewhurst selected just two days : the first day of harvest for Lark Rise and the first hunt meet of the new year , a winter 's day in January , for Candleford .
The Australian Capital Territory is the capital territory of the Commonwealth of Australia and its smallest self-governing internal territory .
In 1851 he became a professor at the Cologne Conservatory .
Mingo is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Chester City Football Club is an English football club from Chester .
The counting numbers are exactly what can be defined formally as the finite cardinal numbers .
While they drew heavily on the U.S. Constitution for the organization of the federal state as a whole , they opted for the collegial rather than the presidential system for the executive branch of government .
The tune is most probably based on the Scottish song `` Thou Bonnie Wood Of Craigielea '' , which Macpherson heard played by a band at the Warrnambool steeplechase .
Kingdom of León was an independent country situated in the northwest region of the Iberian Peninsula .
The original site was on the other side of the Anvik River , but residents gradually moved to where the Anvik Episcopal mission/school and church were constructed in 1887 .
Molecular evolution emerged as a scientific field in the 1960s as researchers from molecular biology , evolutionary biology and population genetics sought to understand recent discoveries on the structure and function of nucleic acids and protein .
While the mountains slope gradually away to the north and the south , there is a steep slope to the west , where the Red Main forms the boundary of the mountains .
Several times he wrote letters protesting the treatment of the Jews .
This produces the adjective form - the unit name in the singular with a hyphen .
Colfax County , New Mexico , is named after the Speaker as well .
The Tour de Pologne is a road bicycle racing stage race .
Blue Lodge , one of the houses , was once the home of Anna Sewell , author of Black Beauty .
Jacqueline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis was the wife of the 35th president of the United States , John F. Kennedy , and served as First Lady during his presidency from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
The population was 513 at the 2000 Census .
It has been estimated that well over 10,000 may exist on continental slopes and abyssal plains .
The present library building was opened in 1968 .
They can only be used as the third unnamed parameter , e.g. produces `` 55 n '' .
Valentino was born Rodolfo Alfonso Raffaello Piero Filiberto Guglielmi in Castellaneta , Italy , to a French mother , Marie Berthe Gabrielle Barbin , and Giovanni Antonio Giuseppe Fidele Guglielmi , a veterinarian who died of malaria , then widespread in Southern Italy , when Valentino was 11 .
He demonstrates his ability to clone himself using other people in the Matrix as hosts , prompting a fight between Neo and Smith 's clones . Outnumbered , Neo flees .
The system comprises 14 state-owned schools , all of which are NCAA Division II members .
Use this as a warning that some or all books cited do not have their authors , publishers , publication dates and/or ISBNs included in the article .
From 1956 on , he studied philosophy and sociology under the critical theorists Max Horkheimer and Theodor Adorno at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main Institute for Social Research , but because of a rift between the two over his dissertation - Horkheimer had made unacceptable demands for revision - as well as his own belief that the Frankfurt School had become paralyzed with political skepticism and disdain for modern culture - he finished his habilitation in political science at the University of Marburg under the Marxist Wolfgang Abendroth .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines , in the department of Aube .
According to journalist Paul C. Jezek , Ebner 's writing style is characterized by very careful and acerbic wording .
This category contains articles about taxa at the order level in the class Actinopterygii , the ray-finned fish . The ray-finned fish contain most of the species of fish and these are divided into 46 orders .
According to Plato 's Apology , Socrates ' life as the `` gadfly '' of Athens began when his friend Chaerephon asked the oracle at Delphi if anyone was wiser than Socrates ; the Oracle responded that none was wiser .
The 2007 - 08 UEFA Cup was the 37th edition of the UEFA Cup , UEFA 's second tier club football tournament .
Conjunctivitis is identified by irritation and redness of the conjunctiva .
Only children below the age of 12 , senior citizens 65 years or older are eligible for the concessionary rate on all lines . Full-time Hong Kong students between the ages of 12 and 25 qualify for the concessionary rate on all lines except on Airport Express .
Francesc `` Cesc '' Fàbregas i Soler is a professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder .
On its official website , Halfway Home is described as an `` improvised half-hour show featuring the daily exploits of five ex-cons living together in a residential rehab facility '' .
This is an incident with no off-site impact , a significant spread of contamination on-site may have occurred .
In 1878 , however , Bellinzona became the only and permanent capital .
Clarissa Harlowe Barton was born on Christmas Day , 1821 , in Oxford , Massachusetts , to Stephen and Sarah Barton .
When activated , the trojan horse will log the PGP password , which allows the FBI to decrypt user communications .
The station is named Clapham Junction because it forms the junction of several rail lines . The name is not shared by any actual rail junction in or near the station .
Yielden is a village in Bedfordshire , near the borders with Northamptonshire and Cambridgeshire .
As Austen scholar Deidre Lynch explains , `` he meant to equip himself with a badge of honor he could jubilantly pin to his own lapel '' .
Families of current flags may derive from a few common ancestors as in the cases of the Pan-African colors , the Pan-Arab colors , the Pan-Slavic colors , the Nordic Cross flag and the Ottoman flag .
Alleghany County is a member of the regional High Country Council of Governments .
The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming .
Bisham is a village and civil parish in the Windsor and Maidenhead district of Berkshire , England .
The United States Army is the branch of the United States armed forces responsible for land-based military operations .
The condemned man would usually be sentenced to the short drop method of hanging , so that the neck would not break .
VII Swedish sales figures provided refer to `` Pop '' albums .
In Malaysia , the language is also called Bahasa Malaysia . Singapore , Brunei and southern Thailand refer to the language as Bahasa Melayu .
Giorgio Chiellini is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus .
An alliance is a group of players who have banded together and is mostly used for solidarity purposes .
The vast majority of the population of Zhob district is Pashtun .
In Western usage , the meaning of guru has been extended to cover anyone who acquires followers , though not necessarily in an established school of philosophy or religion .
On his return from Siberia in 1917 , Chernyi enjoyed great popularity among Moscow workers as a lecturer , and was at this time one of Russia 's leading individualist anarchists and one of anarchism 's main ideologues .
Madison Square in turn , lead to the naming of Madison Avenue and Madison Square Garden , the latter taking the name of its original location : next to Madison Square .
The Cleveland Browns are an American football team based in Cleveland , Ohio .
Frances Winfield , also known as Frances Bremer is an American author , also notable for being the wife of the former administrator of Iraq , Ambassador L. Paul Bremer III .
The Liberty Bell in Berlin was inspired by the American Liberty Bell , although it is not a replica , but a distinct bell .
It is located at 35 43 ' 0N 75 31 ' 0E ' and has an altitude of 2440 metres .
With the second season Kevin Falls became a co-executive producer .
Upon enrollment a new cadet in the Air Cadet Program is known as an `` Air Cadet '' .
Since the Miss Earth pageant has an environmental cause , it is primarily looking for young women who will stand for the protection and preservation of the planet . These women are pageant winners or chosen by national Miss Earth directors from different nations .
Also in 1999 , he ranked number 44 on the Sporting News list of the 100 Greatest Baseball Players , and was elected to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team as the top vote-getter among second basemen .
In 480 , Aeschylus was called into military service again , this time against Xerxes ' invading forces at the Battle of Salamis , and perhaps , too , at the Battle of Plataea in 479 .
Psychosis arising from `` organic '' conditions is sometimes known as secondary psychosis .
In 1892 , following a legislative defeat on an educational bill , Caprivi resigned as Prussian Minister-President and was replaced by Count Botho zu Eulenburg , leading to an untenable division of powers between the Chancellor and the Prussian premier , ultimately leading to the dismissal of both in 1894 and their succession by Prince Chlodwig von Hohenlohe-Schillingsf ürst .
On May 7 , 2005 , she married Dr. Ken Gee Ehrlich , a West Los Angeles chiropractor .
Immediately upon publication , Uncle Tom 's Cabin outraged people in the American South .
Portia is the second-largest inner satellite of Uranus after Puck .
Windisch is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The resulting high CPU overhead and negligible performance gain contributed to a lack of market acceptance for TCQ .
A chosen-ciphertext attack is an attack model for cryptanalysis in which the cryptanalyst gathers information , at least in part , by choosing a ciphertext and obtaining its decryption under an unknown key .
It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset , Somerset , Hampshire , Gloucestershire , Oxfordshire and Berkshire .
By age 15 , he had already given concerts worldwide .
Its triumph over the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXXV at the conclusion of the 2000 season has been the only time thus far it has won the Super Bowl .
The Tampa Bay Mutiny was a professional soccer club located in Tampa , Florida that participated in Major League Soccer from 1996 - 2001 .
In self-paced classes , students advance through lessons at their own pace , and communicate by email and telephone with the course instructor . Many students use self-paced classes to either catch up or move ahead of their grade level .
Fidelity is led by her father , Edward Johnson .
She won her second international competition at the Golden Bear of Zagreb , a novice competition .
Atmore is a city in Escambia County , Alabama , United States .
It is preferable to simply using in articles that make use of , since it preserves the use of the syntax .
Reinbeck is a city in Grundy County , Iowa , United States .
Gentoo Linux is a computer operating system built on top of the Linux kernel and based on the Portage package management system .
He received a law degree from the University of Louisville Law School in 1849 .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 9 , 1991 .
In web-building spiders all these mechanical and chemical sensors are more important than the eyes , while the eyes are most important to spiders that hunt actively .
This template creates a box with two to five images arranged vertically or horizontally with captions for the entire box and/or for each images .
Named for local rapids , the city grew around the French military post on the Ubangi river .
The Conn Smythe Trophy is awarded annually to the player judged most valuable to his team during the National Hockey League 's Stanley Cup playoffs . The Conn Smythe Trophy has been awarded 44 times to 38 players since the 1964 - 65 NHL season .
Victor Hammer was a prolific philanthropist .
The crust and underlying relatively rigid mantle make up the lithosphere .
Gothic architecture is most familiar as the architecture of many of the great cathedrals , abbeys and parish churches of Europe .
B of the Bang was a sculpture in Manchester , England , located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity ; the work was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
It is a freeswimming polychaete , scavenging on the bottom of shallow marine waters .
Most episodes follow President Bartlet and his staff through particular legislative or political issues .
On January 9 , 1918 , the league decided to allow goaltenders to drop to the ice surface in order to make saves .
Selles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
However , modern two-stroke designs , like the Vespa ET2 Injection utilise fuel-injection and are as clean as four-strokes .
Aphids have also been spread by human transportation of infested plant materials .
Great Inagua is the third largest island in The Bahamas at 596 sq mi and lies about 55 miles from the eastern tip of Cuba .
Alto Hospicio is a Chilean municipality and commune located next to Iquique , in the Iquique Province , I Region .
It consisted of present-day districts of Mardan and Swabi .
In late 1999 , Comeau and Bouvier reacquainted at a Sugar Ray concert and Bouvier left Reset soon after to join Comeau .
Nevertheless locomotives are still made by Hunslett-Barclay , as well as the maintenance of existing diesel and electric multiple units .
Digging is the ability to prevent the ball from touching one 's court after a spike or attack , particularly a ball that is nearly touching the ground .
The U.S. Government calls this `` sweet chocolate '' , and requires a 15 % concentration of chocolate liquor .
Hindenburg died the following year , after which Hitler declared the office of President vacant and , as `` Führer und Reichskanzler '' , made himself head of state .
The Tripura-rahasya is divided into three parts .
In 2003 , a Swiss archaeological team working in northern Sudan uncovered one of the most remarkable Egyptological finds in recent years .
Maharbal was Hannibal 's cavalry commander during the Second Punic War .
The age adjusted odds ratio for an increase of 100 orgasms per year was 0.64 .
This category is for articles pertaining to the history of the country of Georgia . For articles about the U.S. state , see .
The 2000 census recorded the population as 50,644 , although the 2008 Census Estimate placed the population at 45,670 .
During World War II , a number of Army personnel were stationed at the Orlando Army Air Base and nearby Pinecastle Army Air Field .
Napoleon 's campaigns are studied at military academies the world over .
However no large scale orders resulted from these demonstrators .
Poker 's popularity experienced an unprecedented spike at the beginning of the 21st century , largely because of the introduction of online poker and hole-card camera , which turned the game into a spectator sport .
The word wavelet is due to Morlet and Grossmann in the early 1980s .
Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a rock album by Derek and the Dominos , released in December 1970 .
The university soon grew to 800 students and 50 professors .
Melodic hardcore initially emerged out of the L.A. hardcore scene , with the Descendents .
Jonathan Tyler Lester is a left-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who plays for the Boston Red Sox .
Babbage sought a method by which mathematical tables could be calculated mechanically , removing the high rate of human error .
At the University of Alabama , the Paul W. Bryant Museum , Paul W. Bryant Drive and Bryant-Denny Stadium are all named in his honor .
He has won three Stanley Cup championships in his career , all with the Red Wings , with two of them coming while he was starting goaltender .
Thomas Vermaelen is a Belgian footballer , who currently plays for Arsenal as a defender .
In computer science , synchronization refers to one of two distinct but related concepts : synchronization of processes , and synchronization of data .
In late 2001 , Bradley M. Kuhn , with the assistance of Moglen , David Turner , and Peter T. Brown , formalized these efforts into FSF 's GPL Compliance Labs .
`` Straight Edge '' , a song on the first EP , helped to inspire the straight edge movement .
Street furniture is a collective term for objects and pieces of equipment installed on streets and roads for various purposes , including traffic barrier , benches , bollards , post boxes , phone boxes , streetlamps , traffic lights , traffic signs , bus stops , grit bins , tram stops , taxi stands , public lavatories , fountains , watering troughs and memorials , and waste receptacles .
Béréziat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Google searches appear to work on the `` talk '' namespaces associated with some non - namespaces , but they do not work on the Talk : namespace associated with s , nor on the User talk : namespace .
This policy does not forbid routine calculations , such as adding numbers , converting units , or calculating a person 's age , provided editors agree that the arithmetic and its application correctly reflect the information published by the from which it is derived .
In some cases a more experienced editor may make a non-trivial edit to your user page , in which case that editor should leave a note on your talk page explaining why this was done .
The Thelema Society , also located in Germany , accepts Liber Legis and much of Crowley 's work on magick , while incorporating the ideas of other thinkers , such as Friedrich Nietzsche , Charles S. Peirce , Martin Heidegger , and Niklas Luhmann .
Hund worked with such prestigious physicists as Schrödinger , Dirac , Heisenberg , Max Born , and Walter Bothe .
Please delete any unused fields to avoid clutter in the edit window .
It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
The session also featured trumpeter Don Cherry , drummer Billy Higgins , bassist Don Payne and Walter Norris on piano .
In 1951 Salinger released his novel The Catcher in the Rye , an immediate popular success .
Sheep meat prepared for food is known as either mutton or lamb .
The second reigning member of the House of Capet , he was born in Orléans to Hugh Capet and Adelaide of Aquitaine .
To the east Chiapas borders Guatemala , and to the south the Pacific Ocean , Chiapas has an area of about 74211 k. The 2005 Mexican census population was 4,293,459 people .
The band was started as a side project by Thousand Foot Krutch frontman Trevor McNevan , and drummer Steve Augustine .
Tropical Depression Twelve formed over the southeastern Bahamas at 2100 UTC on August 23 , partially from the remains of Tropical Depression Ten .
Bridgit Claire Mendler is an American teen actress .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland .
Blocks are lifted if they are not necessary to prevent such damage or disruption .
NASA and ESA have used Celestia in their educational and outreach programs , as well as for interfacing to trajectory analysis software .
Cape Fear is a prominent headland jutting into the Atlantic Ocean from Bald Head Island on the coast of North Carolina in the southeastern United States .
Nicotine replacement therapy is the use of various forms of nicotine delivery methods intended to replace nicotine obtained from smoking or other tobacco usage .
The World Wrestling Entertainment Draft , is a process used by WWE to provide new brand competition and to refreshen its rosters .
During the early hours of the next morning the remaining trams north of the subway were run through to the depots south of the Thames .
Tirana became Albania 's capital city in 1920 .
Initially , the Ares V will launch the Earth Departure Stage and Altair lunar lander when NASA returns to the Moon , which is currently planned for 2019 , but will also serve as the principal launcher for missions beyond the Earth-Moon system , including the program 's ultimate goal , a manned mission to Mars after 2030 .
I drink alone , for no friend is near .
Stallone 's other first few film roles were minor , and included brief uncredited appearances in Woody Allen 's Bananas as a subway thug , in the psychological thriller Klute as an extra dancing in a club , and in the Jack Lemmon film The Prisoner of Second Avenue as a youth .
Ornex is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
`` Steve guided us into the realms of ` strange ' noises for guitars and voice , '' Åkerfeldt said .
The Golden Hamster Saga is a series of books written by German author Dietlof Reiche , and translated by John Brownjohn .
The Magnoliaceae , or Magnolia Family , is a flowering plant family in the order Magnoliales .
Housset is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
From the time that the processor 's instruction decoder has figured out that it has encountered a conditional branch instruction to the time that the deciding register value can be read out , the pipeline needs to be stalled for several cycles , or if it 's not and the branch is taken , the pipeline needs to be flushed .
In some cases , Wikipedia users write articles about themselves when the more appropriate action would be to create a user page .
The papal interests represented by the Templars brought on a conflict with Egypt in 1243 , and in the following year a Khwarezmian force summoned by the latter stormed Jerusalem .
Many traditional East Asian soups are typically broths , clear soups , or starch thickened soups . Many soups are eaten and drunk as much for their flavor as well as for their health benefits .
It is also an industrial city , heavily dependent on the steel , food processing , oil refining , ship building and chemical industries .
Osbourne later became a judge on the talent shows The X Factor and America 's Got Talent .
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , the city has become a relatively lively and well-provisioned capital , with a much higher standard of living than in most rural areas of the country .
Her role as Lorelei Lee , a gold-digging showgirl , required her to act , sing , and dance .
Greta Van Susteren , host of Fox News ' On The Record , and Nancy Grace on CNN 's Headline News were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident .
Saint-Germain-de-Tallevende-la-Lande-Vaumont is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Kirkby Lonsdale is a small town in Cumbria , England , on the River Lune .
The contract with Kyocera that gave the company naming rights expired in early 2008 .
Quebec City , Canada .
Saint-Roman-de-Malegarde is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
As a result , seaweeds most commonly inhabit the littoral zone and within that zone more frequently on rocky shores than on sand or shingle .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts , to the Rev. Samuel Dexter , the 4th minister of Dedham , he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln , Sr. , the future Attorney General of the United States .
Current census records report that as of 2000 , Saraland 's population has grown to 12,288 .
Melee , and Super Smash Bros. .
It takes its name from the heavily populated City of Leicester , traditionally its administrative center , although the City of Leicester unitary authority is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire .
Sebastian Toni Deisler is a former professional football player , and a former international player for Germany .
Tiago Jorge Honório or simply Tiago , is a Brazilian football striker , who plays for Suwon Bluewings in South Korean K-League .
Skiing competition is organized by the International Ski Federation , which is responsible for development of rules and scheduling of competitions worldwide in alpine skiing , cross country skiing , freestyle skiing , Nordic combined and ski jumping .
There is currently no consensus in the scientific community whether P. aethiopicus , P. boisei and P. robustus should be placed into a distinct genus , Paranthropus , which is believed to have evolved from the ancestral Australopithecus line .
An affair with Sue Jones , a New York concert producer , led to the birth of Norah Jones in 1979 . In 1981 , Anoushka Shankar was born to Shankar and Sukanya Rajan , who Shankar had known since the 1970s .
In the 1880 general election , Chamberlain joined the Liberal denunciations of the Conservative Party 's foreign policy , and the National Liberal Federation played an important part in seeing the Liberal Party take power .
It was to be awarded to the goaltender of the team who allowed the fewest goals during the regular season .
At a news conference for the press just hours before the live broadcast of the 2005 MTV Europe Music Awards , he shocked local and international journalists in Lisbon , Portugal , by bringing a bag of birds from Romania as a gift , then proceeded to say he was sorry that they had all died .
There is a total of 500 points available to a player .
Rigside is a former mining village .
A Soxhlet extractor is a piece of laboratory apparatus invented in 1879 by Franz von Soxhlet .
Kharkiv , or Kharkov , is the second largest city in Ukraine .
The Buffyverse novels , Buffy video games and the vast majority of Buffyverse comics , are licensed by 20th Century Fox , but are generally considered ` less real ' within the Buffyverse .
Chasnais is a commune of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
All the rubble was carted away , and the nave was ready for use by Palm Sunday .
Conservationists have also worked on the field of island restoration , removing introduced species that threaten native wildlife , which protects albatrosses from introduced predators .
She also made guest appearances in Touched By An Angel , Charmed , ER , Family Law , and The Practice .
Other lesions induce potentially harmful mutations in the cell 's genome , which affect the survival of its daughter cells after it undergoes mitosis .
In olden times a pond existed in the meadows and the kings princess often used to have her bath there .
Endpoints are grouped into interfaces and each interface is associated with a single device function .
It produces malt beverages like beer , shandy , iced tea , bottled water and carbonated soft drinks .
Researchers such as Ayala have more fundamentally challenged the molecular clock hypothesis .
The most widely-known and researched freshwater hydrozoan is Hydra , which is found in slow-moving waters .
The Andes can be divided into three sections : the Southern Andes in Argentina and Chile ; the Central Andes , including the Chilean and Peruvian cordilleras and parts of Bolivia ; and the northern section in Venezuela , Colombia , and Ecuador consisting of two parallel ranges , the Cordillera Occidental and the Cordillera Oriental .
Surfonds is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Merlimont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As the century progressed , tomato ketchup began its ascent in popularity in the United States , influenced by the American enthusiasm for tomatoes .
Gémenos is a commune east of Marseille in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southern France .
The seeds are also pressed to make mustard oil , and the edible leaves can be eaten as mustard greens .
The organization developed the GNU operating system as an example of this .
Solti co-wrote his memoirs with Harvey Sachs , published in the UK under the title Solti on Solti , Memoirs in the USA , and Emlékeim in Hungary , and the book appeared in the month after his death . His life has also been documented in a film by Peter Maniura entitled Sir Georg Solti : The Making of a Maestro .
The most important collection of Schiele 's work is housed in the Leopold Museum , Vienna .
Moreover , Husserl did not maintain that predicates of sentences designate concepts .
She wakes up and tries to run away , but the mice stop her .
The agency was created in 1936 , and was composed of a number of princely states in the present-day Indian states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
Anne Wood also created the children 's show Teletubbies , and Boohbah is produced by the UK 's Ragdoll Ltd. and the USA 's PBS Kids .
Early in the morning of November 5 , Ida became the third hurricane of the season just before making landfall in eastern Nicaragua , near Tasbapauni .
Spider Plants can be propagated by splitting its main rosette , or more easily by removing plantlets from the stolons and potting them separately or putting them in a glass of water .
Phoenix has ventured behind the camera , directing music videos as well as producing movies and television shows , and has recorded an album , the soundtrack to Walk the Line .
Yoichi Doi is a Japanese footballer who plays for the J-league team Tokyo Verdy .
In physical geography , a dune is a hill of sand built by aeolian processes .
The islands ' indigenous inhabitants are the Torres Strait Islanders , Melanesian peoples related to the Papuans of adjoining New Guinea .
Ashton 's climate is unique and is distinct . Ashton 's annual precipitation , at 20 inches , is among the highest in southern Idaho and yet Ashton is not in the mountains .
The Wuyi Mountains are a mountain range located at the prefecture Nanping , at the northern border of Fujian province with Jiangxi province , China . The mountains cover an area of 60 km .
Enormous stress was exerted on sediments of the Tethys Ocean basin and its Mesozoic and early Cenozoic strata were pushed against the stable Eurasian landmass by the northward-moving African landmass .
In Canada , U.S. paper sizes are a de facto standard .
Topics included are roadkill , Venus Flytraps , a grandmothers senility .
Kennel cough or tracheobronchitis is a highly contagious canine illness characterized by inflammation of the upper respiratory system .
Trojans and Cretans together welcome the return of peace , but Electra , daughter of the Greek King Agamemnon and jealous of Ilia , does not approve of Idamante 's clemency toward the enemy prisoners .
When Gaedel had hinted to Veeck that he might be tempted to swing at a pitch , the owner promised to bring a rifle to the game and shoot him if he tried .
Captain James Cook FRS RN was an English explorer , navigator and cartographer , ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy .
Vlad the Impaler is alleged to have committed even more impalements and other tortures against invading Ottoman forces .
Brave is the sixth studio album by American pop singer Jennifer Lopez , released on Epic Records on October 6 , 2007 in Australia , October 9 , 2007 in North America , and October 15 , 2007 in Europe .
The UK nevertheless remains a major power with strong economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence .
The Pitman arm is a linkage attached to the steering gear sector shaft , that converts the angular motion of the sector shaft into the linear motion needed to steer the wheels .
In the presence of oxygen , facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration ; without oxygen some of them ferment , some use anaerobic respiration .
She is also known as one-half of the musical duo 78violet with her sister Amanda Michalka .
They gained control of most of the largest islands in the Caribbean and conquered the Aztecs , gaining control of present-day Mexico and Central America .
However , some units were used only on outer suburban services in South London .
Herm is the smallest of the Channel Islands that is open to the public .
Dante fought in the front rank of the Guelph cavalry at the battle of Campaldino .
His `` new Hallé '' recorded symphonies by Arnold Bax and Vaughan Williams , made in wartime Manchester .
Ernesto Beltrán , better known as Tito Beltrán , is a Chilean-Swedish tenor .
Attractions in the city include the Niger National Museum , incorporating a zoo , a museum of vernacular architecture , a craft center , and exhibits including dinosaur skeletons and the Tree of Ténéré .
Laurens , France , became a sister city to Laurens , Iowa during the preparations for the 2007 .
This practice differs from what is standard for any given language , and it reaches its extremity concerning transliterations from other languages .
Zeus tells Hercules that if he did that he would be in big trouble with Hera , but Hercules persuades him anyway .
Bertrand Arthur William Russell , 3rd Earl Russell , OM , FRS was a British philosopher , logician , mathematician , historian , socialist , pacifist and social critic .
He also provides artwork , production and mixing for both groups .
Lodhran Tehsil - There are 325 schools , 9 colleges , 30 hospitals , 10 police stations , 1 railway stations , 52 post offices , one radio station and 20 banks in Lodhran Tehsil .
Its county seat is Marietta .
In Niger , slavery is also a current phenomenon .
The old fortress was made before the Renaissance .
William A. Alexander was the third head football coach at Georgia Tech .
They were released on September 12 , 2009 in Japan , and will be released on March 14 , 2010 in North America and later in the spring in Europe .
Founded by Pavel Sukhoi in 1939 as the Sukhoi Design Bureau , it is currently known as Sukhoi Corporation .
She is the daughter of the late actor and professional bodybuilder Mickey Hargitay and late actress Jayne Mansfield .
Many of these are natives of the city ; others traveled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago .
He currently holds the all time record for FIFA World Cup goals for the Netherlands with 7 .
Its flowers , broken up , are a zesty salad condiment .
HBO recently launched its first regional HD channel , HBO HD , in Singapore , Hong Kong , Philippines and Malaysia .
That record lasted for about 20 minutes .
Mundilfari may have formed from debris knocked off Phoebe by large impacts at some point in the solar system 's history .
Lupus occurs more frequently in women than in men , although the reasons for this are unknown . Four types of lupus exist - systemic lupus erythematosus , discoid lupus erythematosus , drug-induced lupus erythematosus and neonatal lupus .
In the end , Seattle was not among the cities chosen to establish a team during the first season of the MLS .
The Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company are a Welsh railway preservation society , presently based on the preserved Barry Island Railway .
In December 2006 , Lewinsky graduated with a master 's degree in social psychology from the London School of Economics where she had been studying since September 2005 .
Lespéron is a commune in the Ardèche department in south-eastern France .
The movie was the first computer animated movie to be directly produced in a stereoscopic 3-D format instead of being converted into 3-D after completion , which added $ 15 million to the film 's budget .
Between 1940 and 1989 , i.e. during the Soviet rule , the new Moldovan Cyrillic alphabet replaced Latin as the official alphabet in Moldova . In 1989 , Latin script was adopted again , along with the orthographic rules used in Romania at the time .
By partitioning a large device into several partitions it is possible to isolate various types of data from one another , and allow the coexistence of two or more operating systems simultaneously .
Ballmer would join fellow Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen as an NBA owner .
Mourens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Battle of the Labyrinth received generally positive reviews .
At the receiving end of the data link a complementary demultiplexer is normally required to break single data stream back down into the original streams .
Those whose grave sites these were placed at usually died at a very young age or in a violent manner , and the tablet was supposed to help lay their souls to rest in spite of their untimely deaths .
It acquired some features more typical of subtropical or even tropical cyclones .
It was also the first season to feature an amputee and not one , but two open lesbians .
Eastlands was used before the stadium was officially named and is still in common use , and City of Manchester Stadium is sometimes abbreviated to COMS when written .
The Swaan River is the most important stream of the Pothohar region of Pakistan .
The Republic of Cuba is an island country in the Caribbean .
Paving a way for peace does not only mean preventing armed warfare .
The British Rail Class 104 diesel multiple units were built by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company from 1957 to 1959 .
Naas is the county town of County Kildare , Ireland .
Eido was an avid swimmer and the bomb exploded outside his favorite Beirut beach resort , Sporting Club .
Skinks are the most diverse group of lizards .
It boasts of 31 National Highways , with a total length of 4,942 km .
2042 will be a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar .
Halldór Ásgrímsson is an Icelandic politician , formerly Prime Minister of Iceland from 2004 to 2006 and leader of the Progressive Party from 1994 to 2006 .
More sensitive than cone cells , rod cells are almost entirely responsible for night vision .
From 1890 to 1910 , Nesterov lived in Kiev and St Petersburg , working on frescoes in St. Vladimir 's Cathedral and the Church on Spilt Blood , respectively .
In the United States , the Office of Management and Budget has produced a formal definition of metropolitan areas . These are referred to as `` Metropolitan Statistical Areas '' and `` Combined Statistical Areas '' .
The final night of the Monday Night Wars occurred on March 26 , 2001 : Raw primarily focused on the major storylines heading into WrestleMania X-Seven , while Nitro held their final episode with a Night of Champions .
A page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .
Urban contemporary was developed through the characteristics of genres such as R&B and Soul .
The concept of an opportunity cost was first developed by John Stuart Mill .
The atlas and axis are specialized to allow a greater range of motion than normal vertebrae .
To injure or harm a town crier was seen as an act of treason against the ruling monarchy .
With the evolution of the Internet , personal computers are becoming as common as the television and the telephone in the household .
The range of the species also extends along the Atlantic coast of Europe to the south of Norway .
Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia .
By definition , a perfect number is a fixed point of the restricted divisor function s = σ n , and the aliquot sequence associated with a perfect number is a constant sequence .
It was in Stockholm where he met his mentor and long-time friend , jazz pianist Alvaro Is Rojas , who taught him piano improvisation , jazz harmony and ear-training for five years , spanning his high school years and academic studies at the Royal Swedish College of Music .
The town is situated on the Weisseritz railway , a narrow gauge railway powered by steam locomotives .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 8,404 .
Plants remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by photosynthesis , also called carbon assimilation , which uses light energy to produce organic compounds by combining carbon dioxide and water .
If the player 's Pokémon defeats the opposing Pokémon , it receives experience points .
In 1927 he was ordained as a priest , although he was so ill with tuberculosis he was not expected to live .
Drew McCoy , however , has argued that Madison indeed developed a moderate stance which stood between the nationalists and the pro-nullification camp .
Louis was born on 27 June 1462 , in the Château de Blois , Blois , Touraine .
Currently , the theme song for the Raw brand is `` Burn It to the Ground '' by Nickelback , which has been used for the brand since November 16 , 2009 .
Niklas Hjalmarsson is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
One was that the Way was not a predetermined principle of the universe , but rather an establishment of men , of the ancient sages who described it in the Confucianist classic works .
In 1970 , Malakand Division was formed from the princely states of Chitral , Dir and Swat and an area around the Malakand Fort known as the Malakand Protected Area . The capital of the new division was Saidu Sharif .
Miroku can attack enemies with his holy staff and sutra scrolls , but his greatest weapon , the Wind Tunnel embedded in the palm of his hand , is also a hereditary curse originally inflicted by Naraku upon Miroku 's grandfather Miyatsu .
Gooik is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Methods of saving include putting money aside in a bank or pension plan .
Before the conquest by Arabian Muslims reached Lebanon , both those Lebanese people who would become Muslim and the majority who would remain Christian spoke a dialect of Aramaic .
The increasing push of settlement , increased police efficiency , improvements in rail transport and communications technology , such as telegraphy , made it increasingly difficult for bushrangers to evade capture .
Dennis Keith Rodman is a retired American professional basketball player of the National Basketball Association 's Detroit Pistons , San Antonio Spurs , Chicago Bulls , Los Angeles Lakers and Dallas Mavericks .
The main building of the German National Library in Leipzig was built 1914-1916 after plans of the architect Oskar Pusch .
Dozwil is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Towns providing access to the edge of the Simpson Desert include Oodnadatta to the southwest , and Birdsville in the east .
In 1992 , the name was changed again to Châteauneuf - Villevieille .
Mr. Harrel : Mrs. Harrel 's husband and one of Cecilia 's guardians . He alarms Cecilia by his careless behavior towards others and his wild spending .
Queens was established in 1683 as one of the original 12 counties of New York and was supposedly named for the Queen consort , Catherine of Braganza , the Portuguese princess who married King Charles II of England in 1662 .
Construction of the 585 MW wind farm has proceeded in five stages , and some generating capacity is still being built .
Inclination in general is the angle between a reference plane and another plane or axis of direction .
However , skippers have the antennae clubs hooked backward like a crochet hook , while the typical butterflies have club-like tips to their antennae , and moth-butterflies have feathered or pectinate antennae similar to `` moths '' .
It is on Swiss National Route 9 .
West Bengal media have an audience in Bangladesh .
Howard 's coalition government was defeated at the 2007 election by the Australian Labor Party led by Kevin Rudd .
Madison also has several private schools , including Madison Academy , Faith Christian Academy , St John the Baptist , and Westminster Academy .
Historians studying ancient Persian records date the arrival to sometime prior to 500 BC , attributing it to either Persian transplantation of saffron corms to stock new gardens and parks or to a Persian invasion and colonization of Kashmir .
The construction of the bridge took 10 years .
The 1969 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1969 , and lasted until November 30 , 1969 .
Wilfred Owen 's sonnet Anthem for Doomed Youth was another sonnet of the early 20th century .
Sales tax , for instance , can be replaced with a value added tax which disregards intermediate transactions .
During ejaculation the smooth muscle in the walls of the vas deferens contracts reflexively , thus propelling the sperm forward .
Westerkappeln is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Vertical wheels can transmit power either through the axle or via a ring gear and typically drive belts or gears ; horizontal wheels usually directly drive their load .
Lincoln is a city in Talladega County , Alabama , United States .
The SAT is owned , published , and developed by the College Board , a non-profit organization in the United States , and was once developed , published , and scored by the Educational Testing Service .
The Ohio State University Marching Band is a longstanding tradition at Ohio State .
Kriegstetten is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Long Beach is a city located in Harrison County , Mississippi , USA .
An association football pitch is the playing surface for the game of association football made of turf .
Francisco `` Paco '' Pavón Barahona is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for Real Zaragoza , as a central defender .
The office of The President pro tempore was established by the Constitution of the United States in 1789 .
With her parents ' permission , he brought along the 6-year-old Balukas , where she participated in the spectacle .
The decision came in 1903 after he won fifth place at a tournament in Kiev .
In early years , however , shogi was written 象棋 .
Job 's wife is introduced in Job 2:9 when she suggests that Job curse God and die .
Savy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Epsilon gradually strengthened into a strong tropical storm before it weakened slightly on December 1 .
Nancy Cartwright has won several awards for voicing Bart , including a Primetime Emmy Award in 1992 and an Annie Award in 1995 . In 2000 , Bart , along with the rest of his family , was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
China Unicom 's service in Wenchuan and four nearby counties was cut off , with more than 700 towers suspended .
Jordin Brianna Sparks is an American R&B and pop singer from Glendale , Arizona who rose to fame as the winner of the sixth season of American Idol .
Among KSpread features are multiple sheets per document , assorted formatting possibilities , support for more than 300 built-in functions , templates , chart , spell-check , hyperlinks , data sorting and scripting with Python , Ruby and JavaScript .
Current research has established that human beings are genetically highly homogenous ; that is , the DNA of individuals is more alike than usual for most species , which may have resulted from their relatively recent evolution or the possibility of a population bottleneck resulting from cataclysmic natural events such as the Toba catastrophe .
Joyce expanded the chain quickly and aggressively in geography and in product selection , opening the 500th store in 1991 .
Kaltag was a Koyokon Athabascan area used as a cemetery for surrounding villages .
Beutin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Later , when the client wants to contact some SS , it can use this ticket to get additional tickets for SS without resorting to using the shared secret .
The Lowell Observatory , who had the right to name the new object , received over 1000 suggestions from all over the world , ranging from `` Atlas '' to `` Zymal '' .
9.3 mi to the southeast is Fairway Rock , which is generally not considered part of the Diomede Islands .
Scientists do not yet know what these dinosaurs ate .
It seemed to be in transition from a near-circular outer solar system orbit to an eccentric orbit taking it to the inner solar system .
This one-minute trailer is a viral video that became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content elicited from viewers who have not seen such films before .
In Bulgaria yogurt is called '' кисело мляко '' , which means `` sour milk '' , while in Serbia , '' кисело млеко '' is different type of yoghurt .
Pulmonary venous hypertension typically presents with shortness of breath while lying flat or sleeping , while pulmonary arterial hypertension typically does not .
Luc-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Major derives from Latin maior , which means greater .
It was signed in Belfast on 10 April 1998 by the British and Irish governments and endorsed by most Northern Ireland political parties .
The seven gods are often depicted on their ship , the Takarabune , or `` Treasure Ship . ''
Flash floods can also occur after the collapse of an ice dam , debris dam or a human structure , such as a dam , for example , the Johnstown Flood of 1889 . Flash floods are distinguished from a regular flood by a timescale less than six hours .
Universal features , such as the , and the , allow for convenient browsing .
East of the Toronto-Pickering Town Line , it becomes Taunton Road .
Stylistically , his music can be heard as a mid-point between the simplicity and homophonic textures of Dufay and Binchois , and the pervading imitation of Josquin and Gombert .
The live tracks are `` Get on the Snake '' , `` Gun '' , `` I Awake '' , `` Big Dumb Sex '' , and a medley of Spinal Tap 's `` Big Bottom '' and Cheech & Chong 's `` Earache My Eye '' , with footage from both concerts mixed together .
Chézery - Forens is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Together with Shahrukh Khan , Gauri is part-owner and part-producer of the production company , Red Chillies Entertainment .
The same month , the GazettE was featured in Shoxx magazine 's Expect Rush III , a catalogue of independent Visual Kei artists .
Antimony is used in electronics and flame-proofing , in paints , rubber , ceramics , enamels , drugs to treat Leishmania infection and a wide variety of alloys .
Beverly Hills is bordered on the north by Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains , on the east by West Hollywood , the Carthay neighborhood of Los Angeles , and the Fairfax District of Los Angeles , and on the south by the Beverlywood .
The original cover , featuring a naked prepubescent girl , stirred controversy in the UK , US , and elsewhere . As a result , the album was reissued with a different cover in some countries .
Along the coastlines of certain countries , such as Libya and Israel , population growth has led to over-population which has caused the lowering of water table and the subsequent contamination of the groundwater with saltwater from the sea .
He was especially famous for his free-kick goals and his entertaining celebrations after these goals .
Dr. Staci L. Beavers , associate professor of political science at California State University , San Marcos , wrote a short essay , The West Wing as a Pedagogical Tool , concerning the viability of The West Wing as a teaching tool .
Later this name was shortened to Frankfort .
Slavery ended in Jamaica on August 1 , 1834 , with the passing of the British Emancipation Act , which led to emancipation on 1 August 1838 - the date on which former slaves became free to choose their employment and employer .
The district was established by merging the former districts of Burgenlandkreis and Weißenfels as part of the reform of 2007 .
Text that requires a footnote .
The traditional U.S. interpretation of the tablespoon as a unit of volume is :
WrestleMania X-Seven was the seventeenth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the World Wrestling Federation .
Roiffieux is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
Originally used for grazing by the settler David Reid , the area was known as Mayday Hills until 1853 , when it was renamed Beechworth .
A photograph of DiMaggio visiting Monroe at the 20th Century Fox studio was printed in newspapers throughout the United States , and reports of a developing romance between them generated further interest in Monroe .
Despite huge anti-war marches held in London and Glasgow , Blair gave strong support also to the United States invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Maximum number of parameters : 6 .
At the immunity challenge , the castaways competed in an obstacle course , with a few contestants getting eliminated in each round .
It is a geographically distinct region , lying between the Berkshire Downs and the River Thames , named after the prehistoric Uffington White Horse .
It has a population of 29,719 , and is located at 25 28 ' 0N 68 24 ' 0E lying to the north-east of the district capital - Hyderabad .
Instances which want to pass through the reason should use code along the general lines of .
He was condemned to perpetual exile , and if he returned to Florence without paying the fine , he could be burned at the stake .
It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called navigli , which Leonardo da Vinci helped design .
The sword points from hoist to fly on both sides .
U5 only comes above ground at the south terminus Neuperlach-S üd , U6 on the northern section from Studentenstadt .
Another name for the Chinese calendar is the `` Yin Calendar '' in reference to the lunar aspect of the calendar , whereas the Gregorian calendar is the `` Yang Calendar '' in reference to its solar properties .
The 1,050 th and last 757 , destined for Shanghai Airlines , rolled off the production line at Renton on October 28 , 2004 and was delivered to the customer in April , 2005 after several months of storage .
Bottighofen is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Early magnetic symbols tended to adhere poorly to the maps , and occasional spelling errors marred some broadcasts , but allowed the presenter to show how weather would change over time .
Wittnau is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Count demands to be allowed into the room and the Countess reluctantly unlocks .
Always is a boxed set of four CDs , spanning her whole career and containing rare recordings .
Erik Olof Mellberg is a Swedish international footballer .
Elmer 's psychiatrist arrives , and thinking Fudd 's delusion has affected his appearance , drugs Bugs and conditions him into believing that he is Elmer Fudd after which Bugs starts wearing hunting clothes and acting like Elmer , hunting the rabbit-costumed Fudd , who is in turn acting like Bugs . Their hunt is cut short when Bugs is arrested , as Elmer Fudd is wanted for tax evasion .
The Möbius strip is the configuration space of two unordered points on a circle .
Some cells in animals may be flagellate , for instance the spermatozoa of most phyla .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Beussent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There were many minor provinces in the region between southern Liguria and northern Tuscany dominated by the Malaspina ; Tuscany in this time was a part of feudal Europe .
Ostel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Noxious animals usually have thick , leathery cuticles through which , at certain points , they extrude noxious fluids when pecked ; they will often survive a ` trial ' .
In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma , style , ovary and ovules to reach the eggs .
Shoes must not be worn inside the carpeted prayer hall .
In flight dynamics , the principal rotations are known as yaw , pitch , and roll .
The unification was only the first step in Miskolc being developed into an industrial center .
Azeri , formally Azerbaijani , is divided into two varieties , North Azerbaijani and South Azerbaijani , and a large number of dialects .
The CIBF was founded by the General Egyptian Book Organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of Cairo .
D. Train was an American R&B duo , who scored several significant hits on both the Billboard Dance and R&B charts during the first half of the 1980s .
A constructed script is a new writing system specifically created by an individual or group , rather than having evolved as part of a language or culture like a natural script .
The current position of the English Channel was a large river flowing westwards and fed by tributaries that would later become the Thames and Seine .
In February 1995 , Selena played a concert at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo in the Houston Astrodome , which attracted over 65,000 fans - more than country stars such as George Strait , Vince Gill and Reba McEntire . Despite her busy schedule , Selena visited local schools to talk to students about the importance of education .
Gironde-sur-Dropt is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Glass is commonly used for windows , bottles , modern hard drives or eyewear and examples of glassy materials include soda-lime glass , borosilicate glass , acrylic glass , sugar glass , Muscovy-glass , or aluminium oxynitride .
This Constructive Vote of No Confidence is intended to avoid the situation of the Weimar Republic in which the executive did not have enough support in the legislature to govern effectively , but the legislature was too divided to name a successor .
Following the Black Death and the agricultural depression of the late 14th century , population growth began to increase .
Hurricane Hazel was the deadliest and most costly hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season and one of the deadliest and costliest storms of the 20th century .
The bushland around Mansfield is used for horse riding , trail biking and four wheel driving on extensive tracks throughout the region .
Chiojdu is a commune in the north-western hill and mountain-side region of Buzău County , Romania .
In 1970 , Virginia Commonwealth University , also located in Richmond , named its main campus library `` James Branch Cabell Library '' in his honor .
Its existence coincided with the Irish War of Independence of 1919 - 1922 between the Irish Republican Army and the forces of the United Kingdom .
At a meeting in Geneva in 1966 , the two countries agreed to receive recommendations from a representative of the UN Secretary General on ways to settle the dispute peacefully , by means of the Geneva Treaty .
From 1671 until Lully 's death in 1687 , the school was under the direction of the great dancing master Pierre Beauchamp , the man who set down the five positions of the feet .
Unable to get a raise at the Free Press , Young moved to Toronto in 1941 , covering news and sports for the Canadian Press news agency .
While at Fort Hood , Robinson often used his weekend leave to visit the Rev. Karl Downs , President of Sam Huston College in nearby Austin , Texas ; Downs had been Robinson 's pastor at Scott United Methodist Church while Robinson attended PJC .
In deliberating his social and natural environment , Pitar decides to lead his band to civilization : `` Hence I decided to shed some light on the darkness , to light a candle following the motto Let there be light and so on '' .
Plomion is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
ITV2 is a 24 hour , free-to-air entertainment television channel in the United Kingdom owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd , a division of ITV plc. .
Paul Anthony Hegarty is a Scottish former football player , who was captain of Dundee United during their most successful era in the 1970s and 1980s and won eight international caps for Scotland .
Some academic institutions also include Tibet in their South Asia studies programs . Tibet is west of China proper , and within China , Tibet is regarded as part of 西部 , a term usually translated by Chinese media as `` the Western section '' , meaning `` Western China '' .
Fiqh is Islamic jurisprudence .
Tekken 6 : Bloodline Rebellion is the update to Tekken 6 .
This is a partial list of garden plants , plants that can be cultivated in the garden , listed alphabetically by genus .
Ida Grove is a city in Ida County , Iowa , United States .
Deutsche Bank AG is an international universal bank with its headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany . The bank employs more than 81,000 people in 76 countries , and has a large presence in Europe , the Americas , Asia Pacific and the emerging markets .
In 2004 , Harding was appointed principal guest conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , as of 2006 .
Billie 's next recording was after her release from prison in 1948 ; this time , she had a vocal group behind her .
The practice is now known as Rickrolling .
The Qur ` an asserts that knowledge comes from God and various hadith , sayings of Muhammad , encourage the acquisition of knowledge .
The interval of numbers between and , including and , is often denoted . The two numbers are called the endpoints of the interval .
If there is need for a font color other than black , use instead .
The DFB-Pokal or DFB Cup is an elimination football tournament held annually . It is the second most important national title in German football after the Bundesliga championship .
The `` Albanians '' hurry off to hide .
Before European settlement , there were about 53 species of Macropods .
Copper and Slade blame Tod for the accident and swear vengeance .
It is bounded by the city of Augsburg and the districts of Aichach-Friedberg , Landsberg , Ostallgäu , Unterallgäu , Günzburg , Dillingen and Donau-Ries .
WWE holds one pay-per-view event per month , except for the month of October where there are two .
He accepted Hyde 's suggestion of Monroe for a small comedic role in All About Eve as Miss Caswell , an aspiring actress , described by another character as a student of `` The Copacabana School of Dramatic Art '' .
Within six to 12 months , the swelling has clearly begun in both sides , softened , and can be felt and seen extending beyond the edges of the areolae .
MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by the American grunge band Nirvana .
With his mistress , the giantess Járnsaxa , Thor had two sons , Magni and Modi , with Sif he had his daughter Thrud .
Most of them also use Eastern European Summer Time as a summer daylight saving time .
In the 1980s , the club had one of the best teams in Spain and Europe , winning two UEFA Cups , five consecutive Spanish championships , one Spanish cup and three Spanish Super Cups .
Their mother Laura acted as Francesco 's regent until 1674 when he assumed full control .
Over the centuries , improvements in astronomical observations and theories of motion and gravitation led to ever more accurate descriptions of the Universe .
In this he was highly influenced by the Ancient Rhetoric school of the Ming period , which was a neoclassical movement that saw the Qin and Han periods as the model for prose , and the Tang period for poetry .
Robert Tannahill wrote the words in 1805 and James Barr composed the music in 1818 .
Possibly as a result of this unique property , the spira mirabilis has evolved in nature , appearing in certain growing forms such as nautilus shells and sunflower heads .
Genouilleux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Alexander Graham Bell was an eminent scientist , inventor , engineer and innovator who is credited with inventing the first practical telephone .
Returning to D.C. , Gaye rejoined his childhood friend Reese Palmer who had formed The Marquees and Bo Diddley signed them to Okeh Records , where they recorded `` Wyatt Earp '' , with `` Hey Little Schoolgirl '' as its B-side .
For example , a mercury-in-glass thermometer converts the measured temperature into expansion and contraction of a liquid which can be read on a calibrated glass tube .
Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality .
The arrondissement of Lisieux is an arrondissement of France , located in the Calvados department , in the Basse-Normandie region .
Usually the mihrab is not occupied by furniture either .
Yukihiko Sato is a Japanese football player , currently playing for V-Varen Nagasaki , a Japan Football League club .
In June 1956 , a reporter was following them by car , and as they attempted to elude him , the reporter 's car crashed , killing a female passenger .
Adults have summer coats that are bright red with a dark dorsal stripe , and dark gray winter coats .
Antoine Henri Becquerel was a French physicist , Nobel laureate , and the discoverer of radioactivity , for which he won the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics .
Omit parenthetical dates ; save that information for the main article .
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company bought the Pan Am Building from Pan Am in 1981 ; Pan Am 's headquarters remained in the building .
Albert Fert is a French physicist and one of the discoverers of giant magnetoresistance which brought about a breakthrough in gigabyte hard disks .
They are believed to have originated from Jutland in modern Denmark , Southern Schleswig and part of the East Frisian coast .
George Newbold Lawrence was an American businessman and amateur ornithologist .
Venetia was interested in classical mythology as well as astronomy , and considered the name , one of the alternate names of Hades , the Greek god of the Underworld , appropriate for such a presumably dark and cold world .
In 1896 , fares were reduced from 3d to 2d for the through routes , and frequency doubled to 5 minute intervals from Stag Gates to Holy Rood .
The business was purchased in 1971 by Leonard Riggio , who oversaw the growth of the business .
Pinellas County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Richfield is a city in Lincoln County , Idaho , in the United States .
From there , the storm entered the Gulf of Mexico and took a hard northeast tack , damaging Fort Brooke in Tampa , terrorizing the city , and then ambling northward into Georgia and the Carolinas , making the trip `` all the way into New England . ''
The Montenegro national football team represents Montenegro in international football and is controlled by the Football Association of Montenegro , the governing body for football in Montenegro .
Berg quotes this chorale directly in the last movement of the piece , where the harmonisation by Johann Sebastian Bach is heard in the clarinets .
Consequently , it can now be found in numerous health food products ranging from cereal to energy bars .
Diaz is a city in Jackson County , Arkansas , United States .
His father was Emil August Schneider , a banker and stock broker , born in Bielefeld , Germany .
The reaction was chiefly positive and even the newly-revitalized BBC Radio 2 played the track repeatedly .
This template is used to display an airport 's location identifiers or `` airport codes '' .
At the other end of the Christmas cake continuum , the apple creme Christmas cake is a rich mix of finely sliced apples , raisins and other fruit , with eggs , cream cheese , and heavy whipping cream .
The town is home to many organizations including sporting clubs such as the Avenel Football Club competing in the Kyabram District Football League , Avenel Netball Club , Avenel Tennis Club , Avenel Cricket Club and the Avenel Bowling Club .
The urban population was 30.23 % of the total population .
On the mobile phone version , the only characters listed are the celebrities .
A Panzer is a German tank .
Bâgé - le-Ch âtel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He was educated at Eton College and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst , where he passed in 1879 but did not join the Army on graduation .
Despite its name it is not an eel but rather a knifefish .
As of 2009 , twelve variants can be bought in the Philippines .
Any of the standards set below can be overruled by a to those standards in a given case .
When these thumbs have a caption , they can add the magnify icon to link to the imagedescription page .
In 1908 he left the university to concentrate on chess .
Females lay their pale green or cream colored eggs singly on host plant leaves and stems .
Although Lincoln 's Inn is able to trace its official records beyond those of the other three , by tradition , none of the Inns claims to be the oldest of the four .
According to researcher David Evans , Sloan was born in Mississippi in 1870 , and by 1900 was living in the same community as the Patton and Chatmon families near Bolton , Mississippi .
Animators also visited the Los Angeles Zoo .
Orthez is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
With exceptions , the Fatimids were reputed to exercise a degree of religious tolerance towards non-Ismaili sects of Islam as well as towards Jews , Maltese Christians and Coptic Christians .
Together with Walther Flemming , and Edouard van Beneden he elucidated chromosome distribution during cell division .
Trace amounts of sulfur in particular make the steel red-short .
It has been founded in 1991 by the Austrian writer , artist and musician Paul Jaeg .
Yates died of a heart attack on returning to England in July 2008 . A Fred Yates Society has been established to assist in preserving and promoting his work .
In 1975 , she again played the legendary Willie Mosconi on CBS ' `` Challenge of the Sexes '' in both eight-ball and nine-ball competition .
In 1962 , the Nobel Prize committee cited Grapes of Wrath as a `` great work '' and as one of the committee 's main reasons for granting Steinbeck the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Firstly , its density , which is known with confidence from its satellite 's orbit , is far too low to agree with any plausible metallic substance , even a rubble pile .
In 1996 , PepsiCo launched the highly successful Pepsi Stuff marketing strategy .
The term Malibu Ozarks is sometimes used derogatorily for the unincorporated part of Malibu beyond the leading mountain ridge and lacking an ocean view ; the term is often used synonymously with `` 818 Malibu '' .
Metrovick holds a place in history as the builders of the first commercial transistor computer , the Metrovick 950 , and the first British axial-flow jet engine , the Metrovick F. 2 .
The first is the Koweta Mission Site .
It was founded by Jimmy Wales and underwritten by Bomis , with Larry Sanger as editor-in-chief .
Following Scotland 's failed bid to host the tournament , the scheme was shelved , although it was resurrected in June 2008 , following doubts about joint-host Ukraine 's ability to stage Euro 2012 , and the SFA 's keenness to act as an alternative host .
Partisan Review was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003 , though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937 .
Philadelphia Union is an American professional soccer team based in the Philadelphia satellite city of Chester , Pennsylvania that will participate in Major League Soccer .
He used another pen name for novels .
Various campaigns and activities are taken to help ensure that the MTR is a safe system to travel on .
Since it is impossible to distinguish between individual users operating from shared IP addresses , blocking one may affect a very large number of legitimate users .
The Swahili Wikipedia is the Swahili language edition of Wikipedia .
A tower is a self-supporting or cantilevered structure , while a mast is held up by stays or guys .
Gneiss is common and widely distributed type of rock formed by high-grade regional metamorphic processes from pre-existing formations that were originally either igneous or sedimentary rocks .
Hearst sent a telegram to his newspaper editors reading `` Puff Graham '' during Billy Graham 's late 1949 Los Angeles crusade .
The G8 summit is an international event which is observed and reported by news media , but the G8 's relevance is unclear . The member country holding the G8 presidency is responsible for organising and hosting the year 's summit , held for three days in mid-year ; and for this reason , Tony Blair and the United Kingdom accumulated the lion 's share of the credit for what went right at Gleneagles in 2005 .
The boundaries of the tehsil are marked by the Jhelum River and the Chenab River .
She is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed Farsala Trilogy .
It was still served as a beverage , but the Europeans added cane sugar to counteract the natural bitterness and removed the chili pepper while retaining the vanilla , in addition they added cinnamon as well as other spices .
Today , Canterbury has two railway stations , Canterbury West and Canterbury East , both operated by Southeastern .
ADHD 's global prevalence is estimated at 3-5 % in people under the age of 19 .
However , this amounts to less than one percent by mass in an average shale .
Nonetheless , the book was well received , perhaps due to the previous success of Les Misérables .
Effingen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
For previous versions of Microsoft Windows , updates can be downloaded from the Windows Update website , using Internet Explorer .
They are large rodents , weighing from 800 g to 8 k , with strong hind legs and large ears .
The Pride of Erin Festival and Yass Show are held in March and the Yass Arts-and-Crafts Festival in November .
Hundreds of thousands of Muslims come to Medina annually to visit the Tomb of Prophet and to worship at mosques in a unified celebration .
Typically , a green manure crop is grown for a specific period , and then plowed under and incorporated into the soil .
DeAndre Cortez Way , better known by his stage name Soulja Boy Tell 'Em , or simply Soulja Boy , is an American rapper and record producer .
Advertisements trying to depict smoking as harmless or as an expression of masculinity were banned .
There he had one daughter , later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power , to Ann Power .
It was discovered on 7 August 1915 by the Soviet astronomer Grigory Nikolaevich Neujmin at Simeis , Ukraine .
An old man named Osmo , whom Daxter meets , hires Daxter as an exterminator .
Halimede is about 62 kilometres in diameter . and appears neutral in the visible light .
Before their arrival , Shane pulled his tribe together in an agreement to vote out the other Tribe in the next four Tribal Councils .
All BBC Proms concerts are broadcast live on Radio 3 , and all concerts performed by the BBC orchestras and BBC Singers are also broadcast , either live or recorded .
Its county seat is Idabel .
Chiapas is bordered by the states of Tabasco to the north , Veracruz to the northwest , and Oaxaca to the west .
In 1975 the old district Steinfurt was merged with the district Tecklenburg , and together with Greven and Saerbeck from the former district Münster the current district was formed .
So there were the `` earl of Shrewsbury '' , `` earl of Arundel '' , `` earl of Chichester '' , `` earl of Winchester '' , etc.
It became common to wear white at home and one of gray , solid dark blue , or black on the road .
The New York Rangers are a professional ice hockey team based in New York , New York , United States . They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League .
Monoplacophora , meaning `` bearing one plate '' , is a class of mollusks with a cap-like shell , living on the bottom of deep sea .
Each package contains a specific application or service .
He established a new unified political polity in the Arabian Peninsula which under the subsequent Rashidun and Umayyad Caliphates saw a century of rapid expansion of Muslim power .
The film was scheduled for a May 2009 release , but the release date was moved to March 27 , 2009 , to prevent competition with James Cameron 's Avatar , which was released on December 18 , 2009 .
Located at the top of Mumbai 's Malabar Hill , it is named after Kamala Nehru , the wife of India 's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru .
The Pacific Division is the successor of the Smythe Division , though of the current teams , only the Los Angeles Kings , Phoenix Coyotes and San Jose Sharks played in the Smythe Division .
For much of the 15th century , the Taíno tribe was being driven to the northeast in the Caribbean because of raids by Caribs . Many Carib women spoke Taíno because of the large number of female Taíno captives among them .
The Station-to-Station protocol is a cryptographic key agreement scheme based on classic Diffie-Hellman that provides mutual key and entity authentication .
It can be written in terms of SI base units as : m2 kg s 3 A 1 . It is also equal to one joule of energy per coulomb of charge , J/C .
Eraclea Mare , one of the destinations of summer tourism on the Adriatic riviera , is together with Jesolo and Caorle one of the best known seaside resorts on the Venetian coast .
The flag used at the first official flying of the flag of Hawaii erroneously placed the stripes in the order white-red-blue .
The Small Business Administration , aided with 56 volunteers , interviewed over 16,000 victims , and it was predicted that about 7000 loan applications would be submitted .
Brannens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Cities in Australia .
Hackney Downs railway station is in the London Borough of Hackney in east London .
The winner faced the runner-up of the other group in a play-off , with the winner of each semi-final advancing to the final to determine the champion .
Hariri appointed Siniora as his Minister of Finance in his successive cabinets .
Israel also supplies water from the lake to Jordan .
Graham has given a globe surmounted with doves to the North Korean Friendship Museum .
Heliocheilus julia ranges from central New Mexico west to eastern Arizona and south to Jalisco , Mexico .
It additionally emphasized the character 's growth and development as the anime series progressed .
In total , 228 locomotives in the class were built by English Electric between 1957 and 1968 , the large number being in part because of the failure of other early designs in the same power range to provide reliable locomotives .
Its communist-era leader , Nursultan Nazarbayev , became the country 's new president .
Billy is still unable to speak , but Claggart takes his side and sends Squeak to the brig. However , when alone , Claggart reveals his hatred for Billy and vows to destroy him .
Ostvorpommern is a Kreis in the eastern part of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
Construction of the new trains is on-going and rollout will continue until 2012 , when all 1967 Stock trains will be completely replaced .
A logarithmic spiral , equiangular spiral or growth spiral is a special kind of spiral curve which often appears in nature .
Extensive correspondence exists between Müller and Darwin , and Müller also corresponded with Hermann Müller , Alexander Agassiz , Ernst Krause , and Ernst Haeckel .
Saint-Calais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Astro Nusantara was a satellite television service in Indonesia , operated by PT Direct Vision since 28 February 2006 , a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk , a subsidiary of Lippo Group .
Sioux Center is a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software .
Agnes was also the only Category 1 hurricane to be retired at the time , and one of 5 today .
Nérigean is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The local language is Hindko while Urdu is also understood and spoken by local people .
They are appointed for life , although the customary age of retirement is 75 and the sovereign may remove them .
For his portrayal of Luke Skywalker , Hamill was twice honored with the Saturn Award for Best Actor , for his performance in both sequels .
Kota Kinabalu , formerly Jesselton , is the capital of Sabah state in Malaysia .
As the youngest male in the family Charles seemed unlikely ever to become king .
The Tour of Britain was extended to seven days for 2007 , with the extra day being used to run a stage in Somerset for the first time .
A single speaker located under the keyboard is included for mono sound .
Also applies to angles or turns that are done for shock value rather than acting as a part of an ongoing storyline .
Ground and tree squirrels are typically diurnal , while flying squirrels tend to be nocturnal - except for lactating flying squirrels and their offspring , which have a period of diurnality during the summer .
Before the 1910 season , Hugh Chalmers of Chalmers Automobile announced he would present a Chalmers Model 30 automobile to the player with the highest batting average in Major League Baseball at the end of the season .
Simon calls into the group and explains that he has planted a bomb in one of New York 's public schools , and that any radio communication may set it off .
They consider `` having some fun '' with the boys but do n't because they are afraid that Max 's father will get parole even though he 's serving a life sentence .
On the CBS version , however , the first four cards were dealt on the bottom row , with the first card as the base card , followed by three on the middle row and one on the top row .
Wilburton is the site of the Eastern Oklahoma State College .
Offin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Navitimer circular rule , referred to by Breitling as a `` navigation computer '' , featured airspeed , rate/time of climb/descent , flight time , distance , and fuel consumption functions , as well as kilometer-nautical mile and gallon-liter fuel amount conversion functions .
In the early 1900s supplies of Red Cedar were dwindling so that pencil manufacturers were forced to recycle the wood from cedar fences and barns to maintain supply .
Stranraer Football Club is a Scottish semi-professional football team based in the town of Stranraer , Dumfries and Galloway .
The Voyager 2 spacecraft is an unmanned interplanetary space probe launched on August 20 , 1977 .
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 is an Italian football club , based in Busto Arsizio , Lombardy . The club was founded in 1919 .
As of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 22,813 and a density of 70.03 persons per km .
Belgium is divided into three regions , two of them are subdivided into five provinces each .
Caetano Silva is a former Brazilian football player .
Hurricane Andrew was by far the most intense hurricane of the year , and one of only two Category 5 hurricanes in the 1990s .
Near the end of the match , all of the wrestlers were outside of the ring except Booker T and Angle .
Cerentino is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Edward was created Prince of Wales in June 1471 , following Edward IV 's restoration to the throne , and in 1473 was established at Ludlow Castle on the Welsh Marches as nominal president of a newly-created Council of Wales and the Marches .
Ravenden is a town in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States .
Chalcedon was an ancient maritime town of Bithynia , in Asia Minor , almost directly opposite Byzantium , south of Scutari .
Five of these regions have a special autonomous status that enables them to enact legislation on some of their local matters ; these are marked by an asterisk in the table below .
Engente is a village and commune in the Aube département of northern-central France .
Burgess Hill is predominantly situated just on the West Sussex side of the border dividing the two counties , although parts of the World 's End district in the northeast are across the county boundary in the Lewes district of East Sussex .
Maria , is a 1st class urban municipality in the province of Bulacan , Philippines .
KWord is a free word processor , a member of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment .
Tomsk is a city on the Tom River in the southwest of Siberian Federal District , Russia , the administrative center of Tomsk Oblast .
There is no state government ; instead , state government type services are provided by contractors , including departments of the Western Australian Government , with the costs met by the Australian Government .
The author subsequently released such a glossary on his own website .
It peaked at number sixteen in South Africa .
If a player 's move places the opponent 's king under attack , that king is said to be in check , and the player in check is required to immediately remedy the situation .
Despite its status as part of an occupied city , East Berlin was claimed as the capital of East Germany .
It is n't until one night at a club , at the end of the episode `` Tony '' , Tony confronts Michelle and Sid in the bathroom stall during sex .
Mümliswil - Ramiswil is a municipality in the district of Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Short-beaked Echidnas are typically active in the daytime ; however , they are ill-equipped to deal with heat , because they have no sweat glands and do not pant .
Allmusic stated , `` Deliverance is altogether more subtle than any of its predecessors , approaching listeners with haunting nuances and masterful dynamics rather than overwhelming them with sheer mass and complexity . ''
CSIS is responsible to Parliament through the Minister of Public Safety , but is also overseen by the Federal Court system , the Inspector General of CSIS , and the Security Intelligence Review Committee .
Above all , creating an article without establishing the basis of the content and its significance is a .
In 1993 , 20th Century Fox released the first English-language version of My Neighbor Totoro , produced by John Daly and Derek Gibson with co-producer Jerry Beck .
Almost all modern cheesecakes in the United States use cream cheese ; in Italy , cheesecakes use ricotta ; Germany and Poland use quark cheese . Cheesecakes are most easily baked in a Springform pan .
It reflects both the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial .
Cockroaches live up to a year .
Sant ` Antonio is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
There are many other minor monuments at Ani .
Saint-Poix is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Pages which have formerly been in a different namespace and moved to a subpage of the user namespace may not be deleted in this way .
The Tracey Ullman Show was a weekly American television variety show , hosted by British comedian and onetime pop singer Tracey Ullman .
Princess Louisa Maria Teresa Stuart , known to Jacobites as The Princess Royal , was the last child of the deposed King James II and VII and of his Queen , Mary of Modena . In English , she was called Louisa Maria , in French Louise Marie .
Its only concession to nationalism was hostility to the Serbs who , since the incorporation of the `` military frontiers '' into Croatia in 1868 , made up a quarter of the population .
The Tang Chang ` an hence , was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an , which was reconstructed upon the premise of the former imperial quarter of the Sui and Tang city .
On January 12 , 1940 , Bennett and Walter Wanger were married in Phoenix . They were divorced in September 1965 in Mexico .
Prior to it moving ashore , the government of Haiti issued a tropical storm warning for its northern coastline , and later a tropical storm warning was issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands , as well as the southeastern Bahamas .
The city 's name was changed from Usumbura to Bujumbura when Burundi became independent in 1962 .
Its official name was still Deutsches Reich , however .
James I was nominal King of Scots from 4 April 1406 until his death , although his effective reign only began in May 1424 .
In order to facilitate this task , Zub has been permitted use of the ancient intergalactic elevator system which permits transport between planets .
The contestants were divided into two tribes : Maraamu and Rotu .
They released an album labeled Puuhevonen with traditional childrens 's songs in 2007 , around the time their first children were born .
Once APT is enabled , the user can install packages from Debian 's repositories .
When Hercules , Iolaus and Jason offer to run the inn for Kora , they find themselves in trouble with the god Artemis .
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died , and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
The split led to the formation of Friends of the Earth , led by David Brower .
Mézériat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
However , del Toro has stated that the faun in the film is not Pan .
Eleanor `` Nell '' Gwyn , was one of the earliest English actresses to receive prominent recognition , and a long-time mistress of King Charles II of England .
This template is used by to translate the ul and upl arguments .
The project was initiated in the 1960s , with the objective of providing a continuous 8750 mile rail link between Singapore and Istanbul , Turkey , with possible further connections to Europe and Africa .
Aadorf is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Ajaz Anwar is a distinguished painter of Pakistan .
The discovery of indisputable cases of natural selection in nature was one of the main strands in the modern evolutionary synthesis .
For sanitary reasons , military tent cities place toilet , shower , and laundry facilities at least 50 f from living quarters .
Originally developed by Macromedia , the language is now owned by Adobe . ActionScript was initially designed for controlling simple 2D vector animations made in Adobe Flash .
It is presently part of the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass .
Released in May 1972 , having been preceded by the Top 10 hit `` Tumbling Dice '' , Exile On Main St. was an immediate commercial success , hitting # 1 worldwide just as the band embarked on their famed 1972 American Tour , their first in the U.S. in three years , and during which they played many songs from the new album . `` Happy '' , sung by Richards , would be a Top 30 US hit later that summer .
Sometimes , towns in a MSAD do not have an elementary school but possess a high school and/or middle school , whereas the surrounding towns have the elementary schools .
Faust makes an arrangement with the devil : the devil will do everything that Faust wants while he is here on Earth , and in exchange Faust will serve the devil in Hell . Faust 's arrangement is that if during the time while Mephistopheles is serving Faust , Faust is so pleased with anything the devil gives him that he wants to stay in that moment forever , he will die in that instant .
La Bouteille is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The Spirit of Woodstock Festival is an annual open air festival at the end of July/beginning of August at Mirapuri .
Endemol was founded in 1994 by a merger of television production companies owned by Joop van den Ende and John de Mol , the name deriving from the combination of their surnames .
It is closely related to the Amethyst-throated Sunangel , and species limits in this complex are unclear .
The Soviets hung large red banners across it to prevent him looking into the East .
Fairview is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
Clairmarais is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His most successful venture was `` Palisades Park '' . Recorded by Freddy Cannon , it peaked at # 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 on 12 March 1962 , the biggest hit of Cannon 's career .
The Federated States of Micronesia is served by four international airports .
La Bazoge is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
On Eustace III 's death , Matilda and her husband became joint rulers of Boulogne .
Bakeries in Retie are very good .
No ships reported tropical storm force winds from Epsilon and there were no damages or fatalities .
The Province of Florence is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Bright 's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be described in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis .
Temse is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
The album was billed as a `` punk rock opera '' which follows the journey of the fictitious `` Jesus of Suburbia '' .
In the end , Generation Next won the match and the war .
As the banana plants are normally tall and fairly sturdy , they are often mistaken for trees , but their main or upright stem is actually a pseudostem .
In addition to the full three levels for the European Union countries , all other countries have a NUTS code with a two-letter code for a continent and two numbers for the country , and for the USA , Canada and Australia the states , provinces , and territories are numbered separately .
Many members of Afrotheria appear to be at high risk of extinction .
Attacks and counterattacks swept across Miller 's cornfield and fighting swirled around the Dunker Church .
Packwood is a city in Jefferson County , Iowa , United States .
Only males are allowed entrance into Mount Athos , which is called `` Garden of the Virgin '' by monks , and Orthodox Christians take precedence in the permit issuance procedure .
He is a multi-instrumentalist and plays bass , guitar , keyboards , and sings .
Henry FitzRoy , 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset was the son of King Henry VIII of England and his teenage mistress , Elizabeth Blount , the only illegitimate offspring that Henry acknowledged .
Crickets , family Gryllidae , are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets .
The Talyllyn Railway is represented in the Thomas the Tank Engine books as the Skarloey Railway ; most of the fictional locomotives are based on real-life equivalents .
Athies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Weinberg was born in Stuttgart and studied medicine at Tbingen and Munich , receiving an M.D. in 1886 .
Paulista Avenue is one of the most important avenues in São Paulo , Brazil .
1807 the village joined the district of Waibstadt and was assigned 1813 to the district of Sinsheim , which in the year 1973 became the Rhine Neckar Area .
Before that date , it was part of Comendador .
Alexandre Ménard - Burrows is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger with the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League .
On the night of December 16 , Breckinridge and his troops moved out of Saltville , Virginia , in an effort to stem Stoneman 's advance .
She started her career in 1974 by winning the ATV talent show New Faces .
Although there are several different degrees of insomnia , three types of insomnia have been clearly identified : transient , acute , and chronic .
It is one of the official languages of Finland and an official minority language in Sweden .
The Secretary of the Interior is eighth in the United States presidential line of succession .
`` Through the Fire and Flames '' is a song by English power metal band DragonForce .
There would be other film hits like E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial , Back to the Future , and Jurassic Park , but overall the film business was still hit-and-miss .
In the northern USA and Europe , glaciation created numerous small lakes which gradually filled with humus to make marshes .
The locomotives on the Vale of Rheidol Railway were the only steam locomotives ever officially to carry the British Rail corporate blue and the double arrow logo .
Livingstone would sue for the team 's revenues in 1918 .
It continued to be spoken in rural areas into the 20th century .
Some supported prominent early Muslims like Al-Zubayr ; others felt that only members of Muhammad 's clan , the Banu Hashim , or his own lineage , the descendants of Ali , should rule .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 21 , 1991 .
Old turbine runners may have a significant amount of stainless steel added this way by the end of their lifetime .
In 1975 counties ceased to be used for local government purposes in Scotland .
Its soil is fertile and the city is known for its horticultural produce and farming , of which the most celebrated is mango cultivation , with hundreds of varieties of mangoes produced each year .
James Watt was born on 19 January 1736 in Greenock , Renfrewshire , a seaport on the Firth of Clyde .
There is now a `` lemon and lime '' version , under the Pepsi Max brand .
Elizabeth Barrett Browning , the English poet , produced two poems `` To George Sand : A Desire '' and `` To George Sand : A Recognition '' .
The Province of Ascoli Piceno is a province in the Marche region of Italy .
The team 's headquarters and training facility are at Redskin Park in Ashburn , Virginia , a community in Loudoun County , Virginia , near Dulles International Airport .
As the boat with the men sails off to sea , Alfonso and the sisters wish them safe travel , then Alfonso , left alone , rails against the fickleness of women .
Since 1977 it 's part of the town of Kitzingen .
In 2004 , Jones formed a group - Body Head Bangerz and released an album . The album , featured B.G. , Juvenile , Bun B of UGK , Petey Pablo , Lil ' Flip , and Mike Jones among others .
Stade Wobi Bobo-Dioulasso is a multi-use stadium in Bobo-Dioulasso , Burkina Faso .
Its capital is the city of Grosseto .
The Goombas are designed after a kind of mushroom called shiitake .
Chambi initially served as an apprentice in the studio of Max T. Vargas , but after nine years set up his own studio in Sicuani in 1917 , publishing his first postcards in November of that year .
107 Camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .
He is the son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and the older brother of current New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning .
Historically , the dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China .
Solvents are usually clear and colorless liquids and many have a characteristic odor .
Roquefort-Les-Pins is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the region of Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur in south-eastern France .
The only major island that is uninhabited is Lítla Dímun .
Since 1969 , the holiday has been observed on the third Monday in April , providing a three-day long weekend .
In the various subfields of physics , there exist two common usages of the term flux , both with rigorous mathematical frameworks .
This template is still due some clean-up .
After a three-year junior hockey career in the Ontario Junior Hockey League with the Burlington Cougars , Bieksa was awarded a scholarship to Bowling Green University .
In January 2005 , Ingram invited Hlubek to rejoin Molly Hatchet where he remains today .
Julián Padrón was born in San Antonio de Maturín , Monagas state , on 8 September 1910 .
The Ticonderoga pencil , manufactured by the Dixon Ticonderoga Corporation , is named for the fort . The fort and its two names are also key points in the story of - and songs about - Duncan Campbell .
The HDI has been criticized as a redundant measure that adds little to the value of the individual measures composing it ; as a means to provide legitimacy to arbitrary weightings of a few aspects of social development ; as a number producing a relative ranking which is useless for inter-temporal comparisons , and difficult to compare a country 's progress or regression because the HDI for a country in a given year depends on the levels of , say , life expectancy or GDP per capita of other countries in that year .
Eugène Ney Terre ` Blanche is a Boer-Afrikaner who founded the Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging during the apartheid era in South Africa .
Several small lakes surround NY 308 as it intersects County Route 52 in the hamlet of Eighmyville and subsequently turns to the northeast , traveling within a large open field .
After defeating Montezuma 's warriors , and demanding that the Aztec nobles hand over their valuables , Cortés returned to Spain in 1528 , bringing cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
Mirko Vučinić is a Montenegrin footballer currently playing for Serie A club Roma .
Robinson 's eldest son , Jackie Robinson Jr. , had emotional trouble during his childhood and entered special education at an early age .
He is regarded as one of the greatest auteurs of 20th century cinema .
Binary star systems are very important in astrophysics because calculations of their orbits allow the masses of their component stars to be directly determined , which in turn allows other stellar parameters , such as radius and density , to be indirectly estimated .
The Latin name of the creed , Quicumque vult , is taken from the opening words `` Whosoever wishes . ''
ZIP files generally use the file extensions '' .
Notable towns located within the Hunsrück include Simmern , Kirchberg , and Idar-Oberstein , Kastellaun , and Morbach .
The Royal Opera House is an opera house and major performing arts venue in the London district of Covent Garden .
There are two universities in Eskişehir .
Die Lollipops is a children 's band which formed in Germany in the summer of 2000 under the Edelkids label , a subsidiary of Edel Music .
Such other forms of law-making include referendums , constitutional conventions , orders-in-council or regulations .
A pair which has repeatedly failed in breeding attempts may split and look for new mates .
Bernesq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
As used in the biomedical and weightlifting communities , it is the measurement of the achievable distance between the flexed position and the extended position of a particular joint or muscle group .
Justin Raimondo is an American author and the editorial director of the website Antiwar.com .
The ` small casinos ' will have a minimum customer area of 750 sq metres , up to 80 slot machines and a jackpot of # 4000 .
Sachseln is a municipality in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
More generally , desalination may also refer to the removal of salts and minerals , as in soil desalination . Water is desalinated in order to convert salt water to fresh water so it is suitable for human consumption or irrigation .
The annual rainfall is around 1,200 mm .
Manually operated , it fires all 40 mm grenades , less-lethal and non-lethal ammunition , and tear/irritant gas projectiles ; spent cartridges are ejected for easier reloading .
It was n't until the explorations and discoveries of Antonio Santander Casselli , and Gene Savoy in the 1960s , however , that many came to see this site at Espíritu Pampa as the real Vilcabamba of legend .
He was also elected as the 19th Senate President , serving from 2000-2001 .
Stewardship is an elected role , and stewards are appointed globally across all Wikimedia Foundation wikis .
After becoming extratropical , the storm weakened as it tracked eastward , becoming a gale center west of Ireland early on September 27 .
Paul 's `` Road to Damascus '' conversion to `` Apostle to the Gentiles '' is first recorded in , cf. .
There are approximately 1,000 chytrid species , in 127 genera , distributed among 5 orders .
There is no user by the name `` $ 1 '' .
LaHaye has said , `` I write the best I can .
Extra toppings can be added onto both hot and cold soba .
A key schedule is an algorithm that , given the key , calculates the subkeys for these rounds .
The Paraguay national football team is the national team of Paraguay and is controlled by the Asociación Paraguaya de Fútbol . The Paraguay national football team has reached the second round of the World Cup on three occasions but has never advanced beyond that stage .
However , anonymous open proxies increase the user 's anonymity or security when browsing the web or using other Internet services : a user 's true IP address can be used to help deduce information about that user as part of an attempted computer crack .
The `` A Beautiful Lie '' video was certified gold by MTV International .
James was also a fan of professional wrestling and used to watch it with her father .
Lawrence George Durrell was an expatriate British novelist , poet , dramatist , and travel writer , though he resisted affiliation with Britain and preferred to be considered cosmopolitan .
Visitor and Siddig divorced in 2001 .
They are also admired as shade and ornamental trees in many cities and gardens .
NFS , like many other protocols , builds on the Open Network Computing Remote Procedure Call system .
There are many different varieties of dango which are usually named after the various seasonings served on or with it .
AbulÉdu is a French operating system designed for classrooms .
The Fajr prayer is the first of the five daily prayers recited by practising Muslims .
Saturated fatty acids have no double bonds between the carbon atoms of the fatty acid chain and are thus fully saturated with hydrogen atoms .
In the United States , according to Business magazine , an estimated 15 million functionally illiterate adults held jobs at the beginning of the 21st century .
The jar certainly serves as a prison for the evils that Pandora released - they only affect mankind once outside the jar .
The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages is a European treaty adopted in 1992 under the auspices of the Council of Europe to protect and promote historical regional and minority languages in Europe .
Jinnah supported the British effort in World War II , and opposed the Quit India movement .
Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23 .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Guyana , Panama , Peru , and Venezuela .
Still others believe that the Sabbath remains as a day of rest on Saturday , reserving Sunday as a day of worship .
Chênedollé is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
To signal fair catch the receiver must raise one arm fully above his head and wave it side to side , while the ball is in flight .
Phenylketonuria is an autosomal recessive genetic disorder characterized by a deficiency in the hepatic enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase . This enzyme is necessary to metabolize the amino acid phenylalanine to the amino acid tyrosine .
Frames of reference are especially important in special relativity , because when a frame of reference is moving at some significant fraction of the speed of light , then the flow of time in that frame does not necessarily apply in another frame .
The term applies to the designer of any game , whether a video game or tabletop games such as board games or card games .
The exchange rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar has also been linked since 1983 at HK$ 7.8 / USD , and pataca of Macau , pegged to Hong Kong dollar at MOP1 .03 / HKD , indirectly linked to the U.S. dollar at roughly MOP8/USD . Several oil-producing Arab countries on the Persian Gulf , including Saudi Arabia , peg their currencies to the dollar , since the dollar is the currency used in the international oil trade .
Daphnis is an inner satellite of Saturn .
Airoldi had intended to pass along the Croatian coast then through Kotor and Corfu .
The A75 , with the A10 and A71 , provides a continuous high-speed route south from Paris through Clermont-Ferrand to the Languedoc region and through to Spain , considerably reducing the cost of vehicle traffic traveling along this route .
Rickard Rydell Jim Richards Volvo S40 161 laps 6h 54m 23.4756 s
Satyagraha theory also influenced Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King , Jr. during the campaigns the latter led during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other social justice and similar movements .
He 's also a columnist and contributing editor for Jim Baen 's Universe Magazine ; a contributing editor for Robot Magazine ; and has written for Space and Time Magazine , H + Magazine , and Grim Couture Magazine .
The whole of the lower half of his body and right side of his face are replaced , as is his left arm from the shoulder down , with scarring and metal accouterments covering what little was left of his organic self .
The wife , or okusan , was left to manage all household affairs , care for the children , and perhaps even defend the home forcibly .
The Roman Catholic diocese and the Kiribati Protestant Church are situated on South Tarawa .
A similar `` Auto-Ceptor '' crash-restraint , developed by Eaton , Yale & Towne Inc. for Ford was soon offered as an automatic safety system in the USA , while the Italian Eaton-Livia company offered a variant with localized air cushions .
IKE was updated to version two in December 2005 by RFC 4306 .
When Simba has grown into an adult he is discovered by Nala . Simba shows Nala around his home and the two begin to fall in love .
Within three and a half months , the grass-roots effort raised USD 13,500,000 and saved the park .
It has an area of 854 km , and a population of over 73,000 , of which almost 100 % are German speaking .
Mazères is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He is also a strict vegetarian , an animal rights advocate and actively promotes PETA with his band .
Guernica is a painting by Pablo Picasso , depicting the bombing of Guernica , Basque Country , by German and Italian warplanes at the behest of the Spanish Nationalist forces , on April 26 , 1937 , during the Spanish Civil War .
Fluxbuntu , Ubuntu with Fluxbox and lightweight applications , was released in October 2007 .
The second model of cybermat seen in The Wheel in Space was used for sabotage , able to tune in on human brainwaves .
Major features were planned for Blackcomb , including an emphasis on searching and querying data and an advanced storage system named WinFS to enable such scenarios .
The season was slightly above average , with twelve total storms and six hurricanes ; unusually , all six of the hurricanes strengthened into major storms .
In the 1935 - 36 season , Thompson became the first goaltender to get an assist by intentionally passing the puck with his stick to a fellow player .
Pictures of Pro Vercelli .
25 km southeast of Leipzig .
Kingda Ka is a roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure in New Jersey , USA .
She has cumulatively spent more than 343 hours in space .
The show features the efforts of Ares , the god of war , played by Kevin Tod Smith , who attempts often to destroy his younger half-brother to win over Zeus ' good graces .
Irissarry is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Phoenix became a trade center with its products reaching eastern and western markets .
Belleu is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
After Vézina 's death , it was reported that he fathered twenty-two children .
The BCG matrix is a chart that had been created by Bruce Henderson for the Boston Consulting Group in 1968 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines .
In the history of Muslim theology , there have been theological schools among Muslims displaying both similarities and differences with each other in regard to beliefs .
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre .
It provided labor for the SS-Junkerschule and the Zentralbauleitung .
The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team .
It is established that Iolaus is getting married and that Hercules is the best man .
The leading industries include machinery , defense , oil production , oil refining , chemical and petrochemical , timber and wood processing and the food industry .
The zoo includes polar bears , penguins , gorillas , reptiles , monkeys , and other species totalling nearly 1,250 animals .
Kaliningrad Oblast is the fourth most densely populated in the Russian Federation , with 62.5 persons per km2 . Almost none of the pre-World War II Lithuanian population or German population remain in Kaliningrad Oblast .
It has an area of 146 km , making it the third largest lake in Italy , after Lake Garda and Lake Maggiore .
The Uzbek Oliy League , in 2008 renamed to Uzbekistan Professional Football League is the top division of football in Uzbekistan , and is operated under the auspices of the Uzbekistan Football Federation .
The purpose of this template is to display articles pertaining to universal mass transit modes and concepts , NOT any specific systems or modes/concepts found in only one location .
In addition `` County Tipperary '' is actually two administrative counties , called North Tipperary and South Tipperary while the major urban centres Cork , Galway , Limerick , and Waterford have been separated from the town and rural areas of their counties .
The export of woollen products resulted in economic upturn with products exported to mainland Europe .
In 1919 Baia Mare become part of the Kingdom of Romania .
Geared traction machines are driven by AC or DC electric motors .
According to information theory , sampling is a reduction of information .
In the English-speaking countries , it is the traditional day on which lovers express their love for each other by sending Valentine 's cards , presenting flowers , or offering confectionery .
This brought Arizona to a tie game , though Arizona would go on to lose the game 26-23 after Baltimore kicked a last-second field goal .
Types B , R , and S thermocouples use platinum or a platinum - rhodium alloy for each conductor .
In the strictest sense , the term katana in Japanese is applied to any kind of single-edged sword , of any origin ; contrary to common belief outside Japan , the Japanese word does not necessarily refer to a Japanese sword . But incorrectly or habitually , some Japanese and Western sword lovers define katana as the standard size moderately curved Japanese sword with a blade length of greater than 60 cm .
Se conmueven del Inca las tumbas , y en sus huesos revive el ardor , lo que va renovando a sus hijos de la Patria el antiguo esplendor .