Drunk As Hell Three men had a very late night drinking. They left in the early morning hours and each went to their home. The next day, they all met for an early pint, and compared notes about who was drunker the night before. The first guy claims that he was the drunkest, saying, "I drove straight home and walked into the house. As soon as I got through the door, I blew chunks." The second guy said, "You think that was drunk? Hell, I got into my car and wrapped it around the first tree I saw. And I don't even have insurance!" The third guy proclaimed, "Damn, I was the drunkest by far. When I got home, I got into a big fight with my wife, knocked a candle over, and burned the whole house down!" The room was silent for a moment. Then, the first guy spoke out again, "Listen, guys, I don't think you understand... Chunks is my dog."
What do you call a lesbian with 1,000 semi-automatic guns? Militia Etheridge.
What's the best part of a race riot All of the free sports jerseys
[Long] Story about soldier and friend A soldier named Peter is deployed overseas for war and stay in contact with his friend Ben by writing letters. In the first letter to the soldier: Dear Pete: I'm sorry to say, but your favorite cat Fluffy keeled over dead yesterday. Sincerely, Ben Peter is obviously shocked and writes back to his friend. Dear Ben: I can't believe your last letter. Here I am trying to cope with a war, and I get this letter from you just telling me that Fluffy keeled over dead. You just don't do that kind of thing to a guy, Ben. You need to break that kind of news to a guy more slowly. You might start off with a letter telling a guy that his cat is on the roof. In your next letter, you might add that the cat won't come down and that you're starting to get a little worried. In the 3rd or 4th letter, you might let a guy know that you had to call the fire department to get the cat down, that they finally retrieved her, and that she is in intensive care at the veterinary hospital. In your 5th letter, you might let a guy know that his cat's chances of pulling through don't look very good. And in a 6th letter, you might finally tell the guy that they did everything they could for her but that Fluffy just didn't pull through. Then, in the 7th letter, you tell the guy about the wonderful memorial service everyone had for Fluffy and remind him of what an inspiration she was to you. I hope you will be more careful about these matters in the future. Sincerely, Pete A few weeks later his friend writes to him: Dear Pete: Your wife is on the roof. Sincerely, Ben
Why don't sea-gulls fly over bays? Because then they would be bay-gulls.
Did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped police custody? Be on the lookout for a small medium at large.
How about some old phone pranks? When I was a kid we used to call people in the phone book with funny names. One unfortunate person was named Lipschitz. We'd call and ask, "Is this Lipschitz?" When he/she said "Yes," we would reply, "Well, if your lip shits, my ass whistles!" Any other good ones from days of the past?
Pirate Joke While out at sea, a first mate runs to the captain and saying "Captain! There are ten enemy ships on the horizon!" The Captain responds "Aye! Bring me my red shirt." The Captain puts the shirt on and battle ensues. After a few hours, they emerge from the fight victorious. The first mate asks "Why did you need your red shirt?" The captain replies "Because if i was wounded in battle, the crew wouldn't notice and would continue without me." A few weeks later, the first mate runs frantically to the captain saying "Captain, there are 100 enemy ships on the horizon! What are we to do? "Get me my brown pants!"
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
Saw a cow jump over a barbed wire fence today... It was udder destruction.
Slightly funny gay joke What doesn't work? A gay dude allergic to nuts
Blonde need new curtains A blonde girl walks into a fabric store. The guy who works there notices she looks generally confused and decide to offer his help. "Hello. May I help you?" "Hi, yes I'm looking for new curtains to my new computer!" "Uhm, why would u need that?" "Uh, duh! I have Windows!"
I used to work at a public swimming pool But I got fired because every time I saw an Islamic family I pointed to the no bombing sighn
a wife asks her husband.... A wife asks her husband, a software engineer; "Could you please go shopping for me and buy one carton of milk, and if they have eggs, get six!" A short time later the husband comes back with six cartons of milk. The wife asks him, "Why the hell did you buy six cartons of milk?" He replied, "They had eggs."
A blond enters an appliance store The blond asked how much the television in the corner is. The worker says we don't serve blonds here and the blond walks away disgusted by the workers attitude. She dyes her hair brow and returned to the shop. The same worker is there and the blond asks how much is the television in the corner is. The worker said we don't serve blonds here. Over the next few days the blond would dye her hair a different colour and go to the shop and ask how much the television is and the worker would give the same reply. The blond finally went up to the worker with her hair dyed red and asked how much the television is and the worker gave the same reply we don't serve blonds here. The blond asked how do u know I am a blond? The worker replies because that isn't a television it is a microwave.
Three women started boasting about their sons... "What a birthday I had last year!" exclaimed the first. " My son, that wonderful boy, threw me a big party in a fancy restaurant. He even paid for plane tickets for my friends." "That's very nice, but listen to this," said the second. "Last winter, my son gave me an all-expense-paid cruise to the Greek islands. First class." "That's nothing!" interrupted the third. "For five years now my son has been paying a psychiatrist $150 an hour, three times a week. And the whole time he talks about nothing but me."
A man walks into a tax collector's office with a huge bandage over his nose... The tax collector looked at him, saw the bandage, and asked "Accident?" "No", the man said, "I've just been paying through it for so long..."
A cop sees a boy in Miami walking down the street alone... So the cop asks him where he is going. The little boy tells the cop that he is running away because his parents have split up. The cop says, "Come on, get in my car and I'll take you home to your mom." The little boy cries out, "Oh no, please don't! My mom beats me!" The cop then says, "Alright, I'll take you to your dad then. Once again, the little boy refuses, "No, my dad beats me too!" The cop is at a loss of what to do so he asks the boy, "Alright, well where should I take you then?" The little boy thinks for a moment and then replies, "Take me to Dolphin Statium, I know they don't beat anybody!"
So there's this party where everyone has to come dresses as an emotion... ...one guy comes in all black - sadness. Another in all yellow - fear, and another in green - envy. Then the host answers the door to see two guys standing there, butt-naked, except one of them has a pear on the end of his dick, and the other had a can of custard on his dick. "What the hell are you assholes doing? You're supposed to be dressed as emotions at this party!" "I know," the first guy replied. "I'm deep in 'dis pear" and the second guy added "I'm fucking 'dis custad"
What do a priest and a Christmas tree have in common? Both have balls that are just for decoration
Whats invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts. ( this joke made me laugh my butt of when i was a kid)
Did you hear about the nun who only made her clothes out of rags she found on the street? She had a very odd habit.
Q: Why is it so easy to pick a Liverpool FC line-up? (Soccer-Related) (taken from the geniuses of Youtube) A: Because all you have to do is put on Gerrard and Suarez and wait for 9 Liverpool fans to get drunk and run on the pitch.
Leprosy joke What did the leper say to the hooker after they had sex? Keep the tip.
How come nobody created this obvious children's toy? Squeaky Fromme dolls. Think about it. They'd make good doggie chew toys too....
*Racism* What do you have lots of? 3 men are on a small cargo ship crossing the sea, man 1 is Italian, man 2 is Indian and man 3 is British. Everything is running smoothly until the ship runs aground on the sea floor. The captain says "quick we need to shed weight so i need you to throw some stuff overboard, i suggest something you have lots of in your country". In a blind panic they all rush to find stuff to throw over. Man 1 returns with a sack of spaghetti and a sack of tomatoes and man 2 returns with a sack of rice and a sack of spices. They both throw their sacks over and turn to Man 3, "what are you throwing over" they ask. "I don't know" says the British man, the Indian turns and says "well you must have something on this ship that you have lots of in your country". The British man perks up and says "you know what, I do". He turns to the Indian, picks him up and throws him overboard.
Buddha being Buddha A man asked Lord Buddha, "I want happiness." Lord Buddha said, first forget "I", that's ego. Then discard "want" - that's desire. There, you have happiness. Man replies, "Thanks for being a dick asshole".
Famous Last Words List your favorite ones. The one I liked the most when I was growing up: Tarzan: "Who greased the vine?"
So I had this really great racist joke. But some black guy stole it.
A group of chess enthusiasts check into a hotel... They stand in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories. After about an hour, the manager comes out of his office and asks them to disperse. "But why?" they asked as they move off. "Because," he says, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."
Did you hear about the guy... [nsfw?] Did you hear about the guy with three penises? His pants fit him like a glove.
A bit cheesy but here goes: There once was a man who used to collect spices from all over the world... now he just doesn't have the thyme.
Superman is flying over a skyscraper when he sees Wonder Woman lying spread-eagle and naked. He had always fancied her, so he flew down, quickly did his business, and flew away. Wonder Woman: "What was that?" Invisible Man: "I don't know, but it hurt like hell!"
I got a puppy for my daughter... Good swap if you ask me.
What does having sex with a hooker and bungee jumping have in common? If the rubber brakes, you're screwed.
They were two hookers riding a motorcycle... suddenly they hit a bump, and boom! your mom fell off!!!
typical pedophile joke so this pedophile is out cruising for some little fellas in his conveniently sized van. he eventually notices a prospect, pulls over, rolls down the window to say, "hey boy! if you come in my van, then i'll buy you some candy." to which the boy replies, "if buy me a new skateboard, then i'll cum in your mouth."
How many sheep? A blonde woman is tired of people assuming she's stupid and dyes her hair red. Feeling empowered, she goes for a car ride down a country road. Soon she sees a farm with hundreds of sheep. She walks up to the owner of the farm and makes this proposal: "These sheep are adorable, if I guess how many there are, can I keep one?" The farmer agrees, surely out of all the sheep this woman can't guess the number exactly. She looks around and replies "There are 593 sheep" The farmer is awe-struck, the number was exactly right. So the woman picks her sheep and is getting back in the car when the farmer runs up to her and yells "WAIT! If I can guess your natural color can I have him back?" The woman smiles and agrees, she already proved she's too smart to be called a blonde. The farmer replies "you're a blonde, now can I have my dog back?"
What do michael jackson and Mcdonald's have in common? they both put thirty year old meat in five year old buns
gay rabbit Did you hear about the gay rabbit? He found a hare up his ass.
So my friend and I are walking down the street... when we see a black man across the road carrying a large, expensive looking television. I look over to my friend and say, "Holy shit dude! Is that yours?" And he says, "No. Mine is back home cleaning my shoes."
Free RV? My local diner was having a promotion where you peeled a sticker off of your drink and got whatever was on the other side. As I sat down to my breakfast I saw this girl stand up yelling "I won a RV" The manager came over and said that that wasn't possible and that the biggest prize available was a cheeseburger. The girl then says "it says right here 'winnebago' the RV company"When the manager looked at the sticker he said "Miss, it doesn't say 'Winnebago' it says 'win a BAGEL'
Misanthropy I joined the local misanthropes society but none of the other members like me.
An old friend and I were at a bar. We ordered a pitcher and were catching up at a table not near the bar. About 9pm my friend says he's going to go "catch some tail" and says he'll be back in an hour or so. When he walks up to the bar he chats up a couple dames and before I know what happened he's walking out the door with one- and a looker at that! About 45 minutes (of watching football) later he walks back in the bar- grinning like possum in a dumpster- grabs another pitcher and comes down to sit with me. It's 10 and the game is still on, we're catching up, having a good time. A little while goes by and he indicates that he's going to "go see what he can score" again at the bar. This time, two gorgeous twenty-something year olds- the first women he talked to and the BOTH walk out the door with him. When he returns again in an hour I'm full of questions. He brings over another pitcher and sits down. After pestering him to tell me how he works his magic with the ladies he caves. "Listen, you are like a brother to me so I'm going to tell you, but this is a family secret and I can't have you blabbing all around, otherwise you will ruin it for both of us. "I usually walk up to the most beautiful woman in the bar first, mainly because I like beautiful women. I look at her dead in the eyes and ask politely 'tickle you ass with a feather?' If she is interested you can tell because her body language will change, her eyebrows go up, she twirls her hair- and I can usually get her out of the bar and over to her place in 10 minutes or so. A little hanky-spanky and I am ready to go." "What if she's not down?" I ask. "Piece of cake- simply rephrase the initial question- 'Particularly Nasty Weather?' and they usually walk off without being offended. One more pitcher and it's nearing closing time. While my friend is throwing his lure out one last time I watch his mouth- *tickle you ass with a feather* **WHAT?!?** *particularly nasty weather?* *Oh... yeah it has been dreary* a minute goes by and another woman is with him *tickle you ass with a feather* a minute goes by... and he's out the door again. Thinking that this plan is unfuckupable I decide that I'm going to do it. I walk up to the prettiest girl left in the bar- because I like beautiful women too damnit- refocus my beer goggles and say: **SHove a Feather up your ASs?** **WHAAAAT? WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE!!?** **ITS FUCKIN COLD OUTSIDE!!!**
what did the egg say to the boiling water? i dont know how long its going to take me to get hard i just got laid by a chick
Last night ... I was woken out of a deep sleep by pounding on my front door and the neighbor's wife screaming "help!" So I went downstairs, unlocked the front door, and let her out so she could go home!
What did the wind turbine say to Al Gore? I'm a big fan.
If a velociraptor is running.. and he speeds up, does he become an acceleraptor?
TOO LATE? KNOCK, KNOCK WHO'S THERE? 9/11. 9/11 WHO? WHAT? I THOUGHT WE NEVER FORGOT
Looking at a playground, how can you tell which kid is the child of a trombonist? He doesn't know how to use the slide and can't swing.
A cowboy walks into a deserted bar... He sidles up and says, "whiskey, barkeep." The bartender gives him a whiskey, and the cowboy sips in silence. He looks up and says, "Man. It is *dead* in here. Where the hell is everyone?" And the barkeep says, "Oh, everyone is out at the hangin'!" "Well I'll be. Who are they hangin'?" "Well, my friend. Today they're hangin' Brown Paper Pete." "Goodness! Now why in tarnation do they call him 'Brown Paper Pete'?" "Well, pardner, they call him Brown Paper Pete because see here he wears himself a brown paper *hat.*" "I see..." "And he's got hisself a brown paper *coat.* Like one of them *frock* coats." "Mmmm." "And you ever see a man wearing brown paper pants? He's got those. And brown paper socks. And he puts them into a pair of brown paper *boots.*" "My word." The cowboy has another sip. "Say, barkeep. What are they hangin' him for?" "*Rustlin'.*"
two apples enter a bar... ...then I got sued by Apple
Q. What does Kodak film and Condoms have in common? A. Both are made to capture special moments.
When I was five years old... When I was five years old, I asked my dad for a new bicycle for my birthday. He said to me, "Well is your dick long enough to touch your bumhole?" I replied, "No," To which he countered, "Then you can't bloody get a new bicycle." When I was ten I really wanted a puppy for my birthday, and we'd always have the same conversation. "Can you dick touch your bumhole?" And I nonchalantly I replied as always, "No, it can not." "Well then you can't bloody get a puppy!" Was the reply. This went on for years and years. I lived a tough life throughout my childhood watching other kids playing with cool toys. Fast forward to the present, where I've won the lottery and have all the money to buy whatever toys I want. Yes I have the Transformers, iPods, puppies and all that shit. Just the other day, my Dad came by to my place, "Son, can I have a motorbike?" Remembering our old joke I said, "Well can your dick touch your bumhole?" He smiled and said, "Why yes son, it can." I replied, "Well you can go fuck yourself."
What is the summit of trust? Receiving a blowjob from a cannibal
A priest, doctor, lawyer, and three kids are on a plane... A priest, doctor, lawyer, and three kids are on a plane. Suddenly, the pilot says, "I've got bad news. The plane going down, and there are only three parachutes." The doctor says, "Let the kids live! Think of the future!" The lawyer says, "Fuck the kids! We need to save ourselves!" Finally, the priest says, "I agree with the lawyer. Let's fuck those kids!"
Whats red and smells like blue paint? Red paint :)
What is a wock? Something you throw a wabbits.
A Woman Walks Into A Drugstore And Asks... the pharmacist if he sells size extra large condoms. He replies, "Yes we do. Would you like to buy some?" She responds, "No, but do you mind if I wait around here until someone does?"
Southern Ladies Three southern ladies are sitting on a porch, talking about how much their husbands love them. The first lady says, "My husband loves me so much! He bought me this diamond ring!" The second lady responds, "Oh my!" and the third lady says, "Isn't that nice". The second lady then boasts to her friends, "Well, my husband loves me more! He bought me a Mercedes Benz!" The first lady gasps, "Golly! he does love you!" The third lady says, "Isn't that nice". They then proceed to sip their tea when the first lady looks over at the third and says, "Well, doesn't your husband love you? What did he buy you?" The third lady raises her eyebrows, looks at her and says, "My husband sent me to finishing school, so instead of saying 'Fuck You' I say, 'Isn't that nice!'".
There are 4 black guys in a rectangular room. They divide evenly into the 4 corners. How many men are in each corner? 3/5
Just give them another chance! So... The news reporters decided to end this "Blondes are stupid" myth once and for all. They go to the full football stadium and find three random Blondes. REPORTER: "We want to end this myth once and for all, so we will ask you a simple question, if you answer correctly, Blondes will be forever free from this prejudice!" 1st BLONDE: "Ok, ask me anything." REPORTER: "What is answer to 2+2?" 1st BLONDE: "Ummm..... 5?" REPORTER: "Wh... Wrong.." Then, entire stadium of blondes starts to shout: "GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE! GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE!" REPORTER: "Ok.. Ok..." asks the second blonde REPORTER: "What is answer to 2+2?" 2nd BLONDE: "Ummm..... 3?" REPORTER: "NO!" Then, entire stadium of blondes starts to shout: "GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE! GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE!" REPORTER: "Ok! This is your last chance" asks the third blonde REPORTER: "What is answer to 2+2?" 3rd BLONDE: "Ummm..... 4?" Then, entire stadium of blondes starts to shout: "GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE! GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE!"
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple..? Cancer.
A prostitute got a tramp stamp It said "tips appreciated"
I was trying to work out which of the Thai girls at a bar was actually a girl, and got it embarrassingly wrong... ...I felt such a dick.
A priest and a rabi are walking down the street... And they see a little boy. The priest says,"Hey, we should go screw that little boy." And the rabi says,"Oh yeah? Out of what."
baking a cake In the middle of the night, five year old walks into his parents having sex on the dining room couch. The kid innocently asks his parents what they are doing, so the Mom says ''We are baking a cake'' The five year old goes back to bed. But the next morning, when the mom wakes up , she see's her son licking the couch.Horrified, she asks him what he is doing. He simply answers: ''I'm licking the leftover icing, Mommy''
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says ''Sorry we don't serve food in here''
The first rule of Chinese Whisper Club: Don't talk about Tiny Whiskers Grub.
how does every racist joke start? with a look over your shoulder.
My deaf girlfriend was talking in her sleep last night. She nearly took my fucking eye out.
Ugly Suit When the store manager returned from lunch, he noticed his clerk's hand was bandaged, but before he could ask about the bandage, the clerk had some very good news for him. "Guess what, sir?" the clerk said. "I finally sold that terrible, ugly suit we've had so long!" "Do you mean that repulsive pink-and-blue double-breasted thing?!" the manager asked. "That's the one!" "That's great!" the manager cried, "I thought we'd never get rid of that monstrosity! That had to be the ugliest suit we've ever had! But tell me, why is your hand bandaged?" "Oh," the clerk replied, "after I sold the guy that suit, his seeing-eye dog bit me."
A biologist, a physicist and a mathematician arrive on an island... A biologist, a physicist and a mathematician arrive on an island. As soon as they come ashore they spot a white sheep. "Ah" says the biologist. "There are white sheep on this island." "No." Says the physicist, "There is at least one white sheep on this island." "No." Says the mathematician. "The only thing we can say with certainty is that there is at least one sheep on this island, which is white on one side at least."
Honking the whole time isn't going to make everyone in front of you go any faster. Stupid geese.
What's the best thing about a poet in a prison? Oh you know, it has its prose and cons. Badum Tish. Be gentle, first time here.
This is a very special parrot... A man walks into the pet shop and sees a parrot with on each leg 1 string. "Where are these strings for?" Asks the man to the seller. He answers: "This is a very special parrot. If you pull the right string, then he says" good morning ". Pull the left string and he says 'good night'." "Really?" Says the man. "And what happens if I pull both strings at once?" Responds the parrot: "Then I fall, Idiot!"
Two gay penises walk by a bar One says to the other "hey, wanna get shitfaced?"
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish! (works better when you're drunk)
A girl called me the other day and said, "Come on over, nobody's home"... I went over. Nobody was home
A turtle is crossing the road.... when he is mugged by two snails. When the police show up they ask him what happened. The shaken turtle replies "I don't know...it all happened so fast!"
Why did the condom cross the road? Because he was pissed off.
This guy at the bar gets so drunk he pukes on his own shirt... then the guy says to the bartender, "Oh no! My wife is gonna kill me when she finds out that I got so drunk I puked on my own shirt!" The bartender replies, "Hold on buddy, here's what you do. Take a ten dollar bill and put it in your shirt pocket. When you get home tell your wife that some "other" guy puked on your shirt but gave you ten dollars for the cleaning bill." "That's awesome." he says. Later on when he gets home his wife looks at his shirt and at him and he says, "It's not what you think. Some other guy at the bar got so drunk he puked on my shirt, but he gave me ten dollars for the cleaning bill." He hands her the bill. "Honey, this is twenty dollars." she says. He responds, "Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you. That guy...also shit in my pants."
a guy goes to a bar... ... and after an hour, this smoking hot blonde approaches him. he offers her a drink, and they talk for a bit. eventually she says, "i haven't had a dick for two weeks, you wanna go back to your place?" the guy is thrilled as they venture back to his apartment. the guy cannot believe his luck but then the girl removes her panties and he notices the scars
I said to my girlfriend..... I said to my girlfriend, "Now remember, my mother is very old, so speak nice and slow and very loud." Then I said to my perfectly capable mother, "By the way, my girlfriend is slightly retarded." What fun that was...
what's the difference between a pitbull and a jewish broad? a pitbull will eventually let it go
Poker Player! Two couples were playing poker one evening. Jim accidentally dropped some cards on the floor. When he bent down under the table to pick them up, he noticed Les's wife, Sue, wasn't wearing any underwear under her dress! Shocked by this, Jim upon trying to sit back up again, hit his head on the table and emerged red-faced. Later, Jim went to the kitchen to get some refreshments. Les's wife followed and asked, 'Did you see anything that you like under there?' Surprised by her boldness, Jim admitted that, well indeed he did. She said, 'Well, you can have it but it will cost you 200.' After taking a minute or two to assess the financial and moral costs of this offer, Jim confirms that he is interested. Sue told him that since her husband Les played golf Friday afternoons and Jim didn't, Jim should be at her house around 2PM. Friday afternoon. When Friday rolled around, Jim showed up at Les's house at 2PM. sharp and after paying Sue the agreed sum of 200 - they went to the bedroom, and closed their transaction, as agreed. Jim quickly dressed and left. As usual, Les came home from golf at 6pm. And upon arriving, asked his wife: 'Did Jim come by the house this afternoon?' With a lump in her throat Sue answered Why yes, he did stop by for a few minutes this afternoon.' Her heart nearly skipped a beat when her husband curtly asked, 'And did he give you 200?' Sue, using her best poker face, replied, Well, yes, in fact he did give me 200. Les, with a satisfied look on his face, surprised his wife by saying, 'He came by the golf club this morning and borrowed 200 from me. He promised he'd stop by our house this afternoon on his way home and pay me back.'
Self control (sorry if offends you) I stopped a girl getting raped today. I used self-control.
A man walked into a pub..... A man walked into a pub, went to the bar and ordered a beer. "Certainly, Sir, that'll be ten pence." "Ten pence?" the man exclaimed. He glanced at the menu and asked, "How much for a nice juicy steak and a bottle of wine?" "A pound," the barman replied. "A pound?" exclaimed the man. "Where's the guy who owns this place?" The bartender replied, "Upstairs, with my wife." The man asked, "What's he doing upstairs with your wife?" The bartender replied, "The same thing I'm doing to his business down here."
I uploaded a video about viruses on YouTube.. It went viral 8D
Did you hear about the rivalry between the ice cream shops in Texas and Mexico? It was the Battle of the A'la Mode.
My friend makes urinal cakes for a living... ...it takes him 35 minutes to bake each batch.
I cooked for my fiancee's parents for the first time As I handed out the rarely cooked steak Harry (her father) said, "I like it well done." I said, "Thanks, that means a lot."
My first attempt to tralslate a Russian joke. Russian is my second language, English is 3rd. I don't pretend I speak English well, but never less  here is my attempt to translate a joke. I tried to keep same style. BTW: Feel free to make it more English sounding. 2 friends that haven't seen each other for a long time meet in a bar. They start talking and one of the asks Hey I've heard you got married! Yeah I did last year. Is it true that she is deaf and mute? Yes she is! How do you guys communicate? We have our own sign language. Really! I'd love to see that. Why don't you come my place we sit, have some drinks and you will see. So they went to this guy's house (who lives with his mother in law). They are sitting drinking bourbon when this guy's wife walks in to the room. She approaches the table, opens her robe takes her breasts in her hands, bends over and put them on a table. This guy gets up, knocks his head, then grabs his mother in law and starts having sex with her. Then grabs umbrella and stands under the shower and point to the window. His friend is totally shocked asks  What the hell was that! His friend tell him  My wife told me "Go buy 2 jugs of milk" I told her "You stupid motherfucker, can't you see it's raining outside?"you see it's raining outside" Edit: Corrected spelling - thanks to ChrisShnoo.
How many downies does it take to screw in a light bulb? Potatoe
3 cowboys Three cowboys were sitting around a fire. One cowboy decides to break the silence by telling the others a story. He says, "I must be the most crazy cowboy alive. Hell, the other day I was trying to break in this bull that had already been buckin' and broncin' all over the place. He knocked over a few of my cowboy buddies, and finally I wrestled him to the ground." The other cowboys look at him and nod in approval. After a few moments go by, the second cowboy says, "Well shit, I can top that one. The other day I was walkin down the trail all on my lonesome, when a rattle snake popped up from behind some brush. I jumped to him and grabbed him by the neck before that sunuvabitch could bite at me, and now I'm wearin' him like a goddern belt." He proceeded to pull up his pearl snap shirt to show off his newly made rattle snake belt. After a few more moments go by, the two cowboys that have already shared their stories look to the third who has stayed quiet this whole time. After a while they, the third cowboy looks up at them, hinting that he's about to break the awkward silence, but quickly gestures down to the fire, where the other two realize that he's slowly stirring the coals with his penis.
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot, you racist bastards.
Two bee keepers are having a chat... ... "how many bees you got?" asks Gary , "I've got 50,000" Kev replies, "oh yeah? How many hives you got?" asks Gary. "I've got five" says Kev. They take a moment mulling this over, "how many *you* got?" says Kev. "I've got a million" says Gary. "A million?!" says Kev incredulous "how many hives do you have?!" Gary goes "I've got 1". Kev can't believe it, he says "you've got a million bees and only one hive?!?!" "yeah" says Gary "they're only bees, fuck em."
Bell Ringer Wanted A beautiful, old church with a tall steeple and bell tower was in need of someone to ring the bell every hour as the priest was getting too old to climb the stairs. He put out a sign asking for someone to fill the position, and an hour later he hears 3 slow thuds on the front door. The priest opens the door to find a man standing there with no arms. He says, "I am here about the open position, it has always been my dream to ring the bell in this church". Hesitant, the priest figures he will let the man audition, so they walk all the way to the top of the steeple where the large bell resides. The priest tells the man to go ahead and ring the bell, not sure how he will be able to pull the cord without any arms. The man takes a few steps back, then runs and jumps face first at the bell, and it let out the most amazing ring causing the entire town to stop in awe. The man however, was bleeding from the nose after hitting his face, and the priest said, "that was the most beautiful sound the bell has ever made, but I cannot allow you do that to yourself every hour". Distraught, the man throws himself from the top of the bell tower to the streets below. Two men walking by see the man fall, and stop near the body. One says to the other, "he looks familiar, do you know his name". The other man replies, "no, but his face rings a bell".
What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? A pilot, you racist.
Two fish in a tank. One asks: How do you drive this thing?
A man was getting his physical... when he then brings up a problem: Man:Doc, you got to help me. When I wake up, I have a quickie with my wife, then carpool to work with my neighbor's wife who gives me road head, then at work, I pork my secretary for a few hours, then go to lunch at the strip club, where I have a three-way in private, then I go back to work where I fuck the intern until I go home, while I get more road head from the carpool. Then I have sex with my wife after dinner until we pass out. Doctor(male):What could possibly be wrong with your lifestyle? You're living every man's dream! Man: IT HURTS WHEN I MASTURBATE!!!!! Edit: spelling
Resurrection At the Easter morning services the pastor of the Baptist church had called all of the little children to the front of the church, dressed in their cute Easter outfits and had them sit around him. He said "Today is Easter and you all look so handsome and beautiful. Today we're going to talk about the resurrection. Does anyone know what the resurrection is?" One little boy raised his hand, and the pastor said "Please tell us what the resurrection is". The boy, proud that he knew the answer, said in a clear loud voice "When you get one lasting more than four hours, you gotta call a doctor!"
Everyone called me a pedophile My girlfriend and I walked into a local bar last night and everyone started calling me a pedophile and a criminal only because i'm 43 and she's 20. It completely ruined our 10th anniversary
3 men on an island So , three guys were on a plane during their vacations. The plane started failing and the pilot had to land on a deserted looking island, in which only a tribe lived. the only people that survived the tough landing were these guys. Guy 1. : " let's go look for some food" Guy 2. : "Sure, let's all walk in different directions and when you find a source of food come back here" Guy 3. : " Alright but we should all come back after sometime to find out if someone else found something" They all walked for about two hours , looking for food, until they decided to go back. Guy 1 : " I didn't find anything useful , did you?" Guy 2 : " Unfortunately, no , i didn't " Guy 3 : " Yes , i found a tribe and through sign communication , they told me to go back, get the others , and come back!" After a while , they reached the place in which the tribe lived. The tribe's chief approached them and through hand signs said, -" If you want to get food, water and not be sacrificed to our God, then you must complete a challenge. You have to go to the jungle and come back with three pieces of the same fruit , after you come back i'll tell you the rest of it" The three of them agreed and went into the jungle. The first one came back with three blueberries , he asked the chief what the rest of the challenge was and he replied : - " Now you must shove these fruits up your anus, but you can't make pain or complain noises , nor laugh" So he agreed and started shoving them , " One, two, .... Aaaah!" The chief heard him expressing his pain so he took his spear and killed him. The second guy got there with three apples and after the chief's explanation he agreed to do the challenge, " One....two,,,hahahahaha!" After hearing him laughing the chief took his spear and killed him. So as the two guys were heading up to heaven : Guy 1 : " You only had one more apple to go , why did you laugh?" Guy 2 : " The third one brought pineapples..."
Painting a Church: My favourite joke Bill, an unscrupulous painter, would often thin down his paint when hired to do a job, and pocket the money he'd save. One day, the local church decided to do some long-awaited maintenance, and hired Bill for the job. Bill gets to work, and after a good few hours, he's nearly done - as he stands on his scaffolding to finish off the steeple, he smiles to himself: the paint job looks pretty good, he's scammed the church out of a few hundred bucks, and he'll be done before dinner. Suddenly, thunder ensues, a huge bolt of lightning knocks Bill right off his scaffolding, and the skies open up - and all of Bill's newly-applied paint washes right off the church. Bill, a religious man despite his thievery, knows it's a sign from God. He falls to his knees in a puddle of rainwater and paint, and cries, "Oh God, forgive me! What should I do?" And amongst the thunder, a booming voice: "REPAINT! REPAINT! AND THIN NO MORE!"
McDonald's is opening their first restaurant in India. Employees must ask if you want flies with every order.
What do you get when you have 50 female pigs and 50 male deer? One hundred sowsand bucks
We just got a donkey He's a real Jackass
This man was working in a grocery store... He was putting oranges up when a lady walked up to him and said "Hey. Where can I find the broccoli?" The man then replied to the lady "I'm sorry ma'am, but we're out. We'll be getting more tomorrow", the lady walks off and the man continues to work. About five minutes later, the same lady came up to him, and again asked "Excuse me sir. Where is the broccoli?", again the man politely replied "I'm sorry, but we're fresh out of broccoli. As I said, we will be getting more tomorrow". The lady walks off, and the man continues to work. Another five minutes pass by, and just like before, the same woman asks the worker where the broccoli is. The man tells the lady "Spell cat. As in, catastrophic", the lady was confused, but still complied. "C-A-T", she replies. The man then says "Now spell dog, as in, dogmatic". Again, the woman replies "D-O-G". The man then says "Now spell fuck, as in, broccoli". The woman says "There's no fuck in broccoli." To which the man replies "That's what I've been trying to tell you, lady!" *Credit to Harrison Ford. *
What did the blind deaf mute boy in a wheelchair get for Christmas? Cancer!
What's the difference between beer nut and deer nuts? Beer nuts will cost you about $1.25. Deer nuts are under a buck.
Why do old men take Viagra... It stops them from rolling out of bed.
Why is turtle wax so expensive? because turtles have such small ears
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile.
A guy and his wife are at the zoo They walk up to the cage with a Gorilla. No one was around so the guy says to this wife, "hey babe, take your top off". Hesitantly his wife looked around and proceeded to life her top. The more she lifted it, the more wild the gorilla became. The husband then says, "ok, take off your shorts". The wife playfully protests but goes along with it. She begins to remove her shorts and panties as the onlooking gorilla was going absolutely ballistic in a lust filled rage. Suddenly the husband grabs his wife and tosses he into the cage with the gorilla. "Now tell him, 'not now' you have a headache!"
What do you call an Ethiopian with a piece of cheese on his head? Quarter pounder with cheese!
Where do flying pigs land? the airpork!
Do you have a hole in your sock? Then how the hell did you get your foot in it?
What do you call an anorexic.. What do you call an anorexic chick with a yeast infection? Quarter-pounder with cheese
A pedophile and a girl walk into the woods. A pedophile and a girl walk into the woods together. The girl says "I'm scared. The pedo says "You're scared? I have to walk out of here alone!"
Two fonts walked into a bar... The bartender said: "Sorry, we don't want your type in here."
You just know I knew my girlfriend was furious when I blew my load early last night....I could see it in her eyes
Best friends wife. Two midle aged men who were the best of frinds since several years are talking over a beer. Suddenly one of them says in a thoughtful voice: "If I have sex with your wife, does that men we become related?" The other one looks at him with wide eys and says: "Nooo, but we become even..."
no soap, radio.
Nine out of ten men prefer women with big breasts... the tenth man prefers the other nine.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I hate circles. They're pointless.
Why are Australians never late for work? Their snooze button only lasts 6 minutes.
I asked a city dweller "Do you know where the post office is?" He said, "Yes," and kept right on walking.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. Hippies only screw in tents.
I promise just one beer After a long day at work, a man goes home to his family to tell them he is going out for just one beer. Wife: Honey, that's fine. But I swear if you come home shitfaced after midnight again its over! Husband: I promise just one beer. And out the door he went to his local watering hole. One turned into two, and two into four, until it was last call and the man stumbled out the door and made his way home. The next morning, expecting the worst, he woke up to a note left on the bed beside him that read: Good morning honey, I hope you a feeling okay, I have made pancakes and eggs for you downstairs, and after work I will cook your favorite supper. Dumbfounded, the man goes downstairs and asks his son "What the hell happened here last night?" Son: Dad you were straight shitfaced last night! Mom and I had to carry you into the house and upstairs to bed. You just passed out. Mom took your shoes and socks of and was starting to undo your shirt and tie when you shot up, threw mom across the room, and said 'get off me bitch, I'm married."
A mailman is working his last day after 20 years of faithful service to a neighborhood. When he delivers the mail to the first house, the man comes out, hives him some fine cigars and says "So long, I'm really going to miss you." When he goes to the next house, the woman there comes out and gives him a bottle of fine wine. She too is very sorry to see him go, and tells him she'll miss him. When he comes over to the next house, a beautiful women answers the door, bare naked. She beckons him upstairs and makes the most passionate love to him that he has ever had. She then takes him downstairs and gives him the best breakfast he has ever had. When he's clearing his plate, he notices a dollar bill under the plate. He then says to the woman "This is very nice and all, but I have to ask what this is all about?" She says "Actually, it was my husbands idea. When I asked him what we should do for you on your last day of work, he said 'Fuck him, give him a dollar.' The breakfast was my idea.
Avast, me buckos! It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day, so let's hear your most swashbuckling puns and AAAARRRRRRGUE about whose is best/worst.
The police vs the senior citizen A senior citizen drove his brand new Corvette convertible out of the dealership. Taking off down the road, he floored it to 80 mph, enjoying the wind blowing through what little gray hair he had left. "Amazing," he thought as he flew down I-94, pushing the pedal even more. Looking in his rear view mirror, he saw a state trooper behind him, lights flashing and siren blaring. He floored it to 100 mp...h, then 110, then 120. Suddenly he thought, "What am I doing? I'm too old for this," and pulled over to await the trooper's arrival. Pulling in behind him, the trooper walked up to the Corvette, looked at his watch, and said, "Sir, my shift ends in 30 minutes. Today is Friday. If you can give me a reason for speeding that I've never heard before, I'll let you go." The old gentleman paused. Then he said, "Years ago, my wife ran off with a State trooper. I thought you were bringing her back." "Have a good day, sir," replied the trooper
Why is sperm white? Because it can swim
What did the kid with no arms and legs get for christmas? ...Nothing, because he was jewish.
Four guys where getting ready to tee off on the 18th hole when a funeral procession started coming down the road... ...one of the men took off his hat and bowed his head. Another said, "Marty, that is the nicest gesture I have ever seen out of you." Marty replies, "It's the least I could do, we where married for 28 years."
My girlfriend said she was cutting off sex for a while. I told her that is fine, we will just have more rape.
your mom is so stupid... She put gum up her ass so she can pop shit. A very old joke that for some reason makes me giggle every time...
Did ye hear about the movie that the pirate went to see? 'Twas rated Argggghhhhh!!!!
Knock knock... A: Knock, knock! B: Who's there? A: The Interrupting Cow. B: The Interrupt-- A: MOOOOOOOO!!
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it
What happened when the fat woman backed into the airplane propeller? Disaster.
A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office. He say's Doc I have this problem...I'm a teepee i'm a wigwam i'm a teepee i'm a wigwam i'm a teepee i'm a wigwam. The Doctor goes, "I know what your problem is, you're two tents" wocka wocka
If you tickle a billionaire, will he trickle himself?
What did the pirate say when his kids were about to watch their favorite cartoon? ARE YE READY KIDS?!
A neutron walks into a bar... The bartender hands him a drink and says, 'For you, no charge!'
Girls Night Out Two women had gone for a Girls Night Out, and had been over-enthusiastic on the cocktails. As they walked home incredibly drunk, they suddenly realized they both needed to pee. They were near a graveyard and one of them suggested they do their business behind a headstone. The first woman had nothing to wipe with so she took off her panties, used them, and threw them away. However, her friend was wearing an expensive underwear set and didn't want to ruin them, but was lucky enough to salvage a large ribbon from a wreath that was on a grave, and proceeded to wipe herself with it. After finishing, they made their way home. The next day the first woman's husband phones the other husband and said, "These damn 'girls night out' have to stop. My wife came home last night without her panties!" "That's nothing," said the other. "Mine came back with a sympathy card stuck between the cheeks of her butt that said, 'From all of us at the Fire Station, We'll never forget you!'
This woman walked into a bar... and asked the barman for a double entendre. So he gave it to her.
tell me tbe "the aristocrats" joke Can someone tell me a good version of the aristocrats joke I'm trying to tell my friend but kinda mutilated it
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma has a pause and the end of it's clause.
Why is Oliver North like Kraang? They both love using the shredder.
My friend died of a methamphetamine overdose the other day..... When people ask what happened I say, M E T H O.D. man
So a guy lies on his death bed. An old man is on his death bed. His entire family is by his side. He asks his daughter "Anna, are you there?" His daughter Anna says "yes father im here." The man then asks " What about my son is he here?" His son says "yes im here." "What about my grandkids," the old man said, growing more raspy. "We are here too grandpa," the grandkids said. "Everyone is here, arent they," he says, "Then why is the kitchen light on?"
Another Russian Joke: Hole in the ground. A guy is walking in a field and comes across a big hole in the ground. It's so deep that he can't' see the bottom. He picks a rock and throws it in to the hole to see how deep it is, but the rock disappears without a sound. So he finds bigger rock and drops it in to the hole. Once again, no sound of it hitting the bottom. He finds this huge rock and carries it to the hole. Drops it in, but again the rock disappears without any sound. He searches and finds long peace of piece of train track and start hauling it to the hole. He drops the rail in ... same thing, it just vanishes. So he is standing there amazed with how deep the hole is. Suddenly he sees a goat flaying close to the ground and incredibly fast. Then the goat flies down the hole. Now this guy is totally shocked. He is standing with this amazed expression on his face. Another guy passes by and asks him. - Why are you staring in the hole? - This guy says  You will not believe me, but a goat just flew in to the hole! - What you mean a goat flew in to the hole! It's impossible! I tied her to a rail!
A Brunette, a Redhead and a Blonde enter an elevator... As they stand in there the Brunette bends over, takes a close look at the wall and says: "This looks somehow like some cum on that wall!" The Redhead bends over, sniffs on it and says: "That even smells like cum!" The Blonde bends over, licks it and says: "But it's none out of our company..."
Not an Ostragoth Pun What do you call a Goth who has a great credit score? A Visa-Goth!
What do you call innocent women and children dying in the middle east? Freedom
Lonely man A man was sitting on a blanket at the beach. He had no arms and no legs. Three women, one from England, one from Wales, and one from Scotland, were walking past and felt sorry for the poor man. The English woman said, 'Have you ever had a hug?' The man said, 'No,' so she gave him a hug and walked on. The Welsh woman said, 'Have you ever had a kiss?' The man said, 'No,' so she gave him a kiss and walked on. The Scottish woman came to him and said, 'ave ye ever been fucked laddie?' The man broke into a big smile and said, no'. She said, 'Ye will be when the tide comes in.'
Goblins One morning a woman was walking out of her front door, when she notices a strange little man at the bottom of her garden. "You're a goblin," she says, "I caught you and you owe me three wishes!". So the goblin replies "OK, you caught me fair and square, what's your first wish?". The woman stops and thinks for a second, "I want a huge mansion to live in.", goblins replies "OK, you've got it.". Woman again thinks it over, "My second wish is a Mercedes." "OK, you've got that too." "My last wish is a million dollars!". The goblin then says "OK, you've got it. But to make your wishes come true you have to have sex all night with me." "OK then, if that's what it takes..." Next morning the little man wakes the woman up. "Tell me," says the man, "how old are you?" "I'm 27", she replies "Fuck me", says the man, "27 and you still believe in goblins"
The officer and the speeding Harley Officer stops a Harley for speeding so he asks the biker his name. 'Fred,' he replies. 'Fred what?' the officer asks. 'Just Fred,' the man responds. The officer is in a good mood, thinks he might just give the biker a break, and give him a warning instead of a ticket. The officer then presses him for the last name. The man tells him that he used to have a last name but lost it. The officer thinks that he has a nut case on his hands but plays along with it. 'Tell me, Fred, how did you lose your last name?' The biker replies, 'It's a long story, so stay with me.' I was born Fred Johnson. I studied hard and got good grades. When I got older, I realized that I wanted to be a doctor. I went through college, medical school, internship, residency, and finally got my degree, so I was Fred Johnson, MD. After a while I got bored being a doctor, so I decided to go back to school. Dentistry was my dream! Got all the way through School, got my degree, so then I was Fred Johnson, MD, DDS. Got bored doing dentistry, so I started fooling around with my assistant and she gave me VD, so now I was Fred Johnson, MD, DDS, with VD. Well, the ADA found out about the VD, so they took away my DDS. Then I was Fred Johnson, MD, with VD. Then the AMA found out about the ADA taking away my DDS because of the VD, so they took away my MD leaving me as Fred Johnson with VD. Then the VD took away my Johnson, so now I am Just Fred.' The officer just walks away...
What's the easiest way to pay a musician? Open the door, hand him the cash and take the pizza
Sven and Ole go to Hell. Ole and Sven die in a snowmobiling accident, drunker than skunks, and go to Hell. The Devil observes that they are really enjoying themselves. He says to them 'Doesn't the heat and smoke bother you? Ole replies, 'Vell, ya know, ve're from nordern Minnesooota, da land of snow an ice, an ve're yust happy fer a chance ta varm up a little bit, ya know.' The devil decides that these two aren't miserable enough and turns up the heat even more. When he returns to the room of the two guys from Minnesota , the devil finds them in light jackets and hats, grilling Walleye and drinking beer. The devil is astonished and exclaims, 'Everyone down here is in abject misery, and you two seem to be enjoying yourselves?' Sven replies, 'Vell, ya know, ve don't git too much varm veather up dere at da Falls, so ve've yust got ta haff a fish fry vhen da veather's dis nice.' The devil is absolutely furious. He can hardly see straight Finally he comes up with the answer. The two guys love the heat because they have been cold all their lives. The devil decides to turn all the heat off in Hell. The next morning, the temperature is 60 below zero, icicles are hanging everywhere, and people are shivering so bad that they are unable to wail, moan or gnash their teeth. The devil smiles and heads for the room with Ole and Sven. He gets there and finds them back in their parkas, bomber hats, and mittens. They are jumping up and down, cheering, yelling and screaming like mad men. The devil is dumbfounded, 'I don't understand, when I turn up the heat you're happy. Now its freezing cold and you're still happy. What is wrong with you two?' They both look at the devil in surprise and say 'Vell, don't ya know, if hell iss froze over, dat must mean da Vikings von da Super Bow!'
I was at this party the other day... ...and one of my buddies decided to have me do a magic trick to "liven up the crowd." So I took a brand new deck of cards and asked for a single, female volunteer. I found the hottest one in the room and got her on the coffee table "stage," asked her if we knew each other in real life, if the deck was new, yatta yatta yatta. She said yes and I opened the deck and a sharpie marker. "Write your name on whatever card you pick," I said, and paused as she wrote it down, "And your phone number. I promise this is leading somewhere." Another pause, and she agrees. Taking the card from her, I held it up in the air and said "Ladies and gentlemen, I just got the number of the hottest girl in the room. MAGIC."
What language does gay Jesus speak? Heblew
Girlfriend The other day, my girlfriend called me a pedophile... But what does she know, she's only 7.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging from the front of his belt. The bar tender said, "Hey buddy, you have a steering wheel tied to your pants". To which the pirate replied, "Arr, I know. It's drivin' me nuts!"
The lord said to John "Come forth and receive eternal life"... But John came in fifth and won a toaster instead.
What is the best gift to give a gay geneticist? designer genes
where did alice go during the explosion? everywhere
I got fired from the health spa. A psychic came in and asked for a back rub. I gave him one, but then I got in trouble for massage-a-mystic behavior.
I like my women like I like my toasters... Two warm holes and never leaves the kitchen.
The Ladder A police officer arrives at the scene of a horrific accident. A painter had died falling off his ladder. It seemed like an open-and-shut accidental death, but the responding officer decided to look for witnesses to make sure. There was a twelve-year-old boy standing nearby, so the officer called him over. "Son, did you see how that gentleman died?" "I sure did, Officer. He was punished by God!" The officer looked perplexed. "Why was he punished by God?" "For taking the Lord's name in vain." "I'm confused, son. What did he say?" "He said, 'HEY KID, QUIT SHAKING THE GODDAMNED LADDER!'"
Euphemism? I 'ardly know 'im!
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office.... A man walks into a psychiatrist's office, he is naked but wrapped in Saran Wrap. The psychiatrist takes one look at him and says, "I can clearly see your nuts."
What's the main cause for pedophilia? sexy children
Did you hear about.. Did you hear about the indian man who was charged with domestic violence, he hit his wife on the head every night at 7 on the dot
Lesbian vampires What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? See you next month.
Why did little Sally fall off the swing? She had no arms. Knock knock Who's there? Obviously not Sally
Two zombies, Greg and John, are sitting in the cemetery. Greg says: "Didn`t Peter also want to come?" John answers: "Yes, but he is late."
I was going to tell a dull pencil joke but it's pointless
Why are divorces so damn expensive? Because they are fucking worth it!
How did the 5-year old girl fall off of the tire swing? Somebody shot her.
The Lodger Doris and Fred had started their retirement years and decided to raise some extra cash by advertising for a lodger in their terrace house. After a few days, a young attractive woman applied for the room and explained that she was a model working in a near-by city center studio for a few weeks and that she would like the room from Mondays to Thursdays, but would pay for the whole week. Doris showed her the house and they agreed to start straight away. "There's just one problem," explained the model. "Because of my job, I have to have a bath every night, and I notice you don't have a bath." "That's not a problem," replied Doris. "We have a tin bath out in the yard and we bring it into the living room in front of the fire and fill it with hot water." "What about your husband? asked the model. "Oh, he plays darts most weekdays, so he will be out in the evenings," replied Doris. "Good," said the model. "Now that that's been settled, I'll go to the studio and see you tonight." That evening, Fred dutifully went to his darts match while Doris prepared the bath for the model. After stripping off, the model stepped into the bath. Doris was amazed to see that she had no pubic hair. The model noticed Doris' staring eyes, so she smiled and explained that it is part of her job to shave herself, especially when modeling swimmer or underclothes. Later when Fred returned, Doris related this oddity and he does not believe her. "It's true, I tell you!" said Doris. "Look, if you don't believe me, tomorrow night I'll leave the curtains slightly open and you can peek in and see for yourself." The next night, Fred left as usual and Doris prepared the bath for the model. As the model stepped naked into the bath, Doris stood behind her. Doris looked towards the curtains and pointed towards the model's naked pubic area. Then she lifted up her skirt and wearing no panties, pointed to her own hairy mass. Later Fred returned and they retired to bed. "Well, do you believe me now?" she asked Fred. "Yes, he replied. "I've never seen anything like it in my life. But why did you lift up your skirt and show yourself?" "Just to show you the difference," answered Doris. "But I guess you've seen me millions of times." "Yes, said Fred, I have - but the rest of the dart team hadn't."
My black friend told me to stop making racist jokes... ...I told him to lighten up.
Chinese sick leave. Hung Chow calls into work and says"hey, I no come work today. I really sick, got headache, stomach ache, and legs hurt. I no come in" The boss says" you know something Hung Chow, whenever I feel sick I just get my wife to have sex with me and it really makes me feel better. You should give that a try and then come to work." Two hours later Hung Chow calls again " I do what you say and I feel great. I be at work soon... You got nice house."
A world without women would be a pain in the ass!!! ... If you don't get it... you don't deserve to.
I went to see a theatrical piece about puns last night it was a play on words
I want to make an iPhone 5 Joke But its too long
Guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender, "Do you have any helicopter flavored potato chips?" The bartender shakes his head and says, "No, we only have plain."
Two guys are playing golf....... The women in front of them are really taking their time and are slowing the men up. So one man says to his friend, "I'm gonna go ask those ladies if we can play through." He starts walking, but about halfway there, he turns around. When he gets back, his friend asks what happened. He replies, "One of those women is my wife, and the other is my mistress. Why don't you go talk to them?" So the second man starts to walk over. He gets halfway there and turns around. When he gets back, his friend asks, "Now what happened?" To this he replies, "Small world."
So a kid has to write about politics.... Son: "Daddy, I have to write a special report for school, but I don't know what Politics is." Father: "Well, let's take our home as an example. I am the bread-winner, so let's call me Capitalism. Your Mum is the administrator of money, so we'll call her Government. We take care of your need, so let's call you The People. We'll call the maid the Working Class and your brother we can call The Future. Do you understand son?" Son: "I'm not really sure, Dad. I'll have to think about it." That night awakened by his brother's crying, the boy went to see what was wrong. Discovering that the baby had seriously soiled his diaper, the boy went to his parents' room and found his mother sound asleep. He went to the maid's room, where, peeking through the keyhole, he saw his father in bed with the maid. The boy's knocking went totally unheeded by his father and the maid, so the boy returned to his room and went back to sleep. The next morning he reported to his father. Son: "Dad, now I think I understand what Politics is." Father: "Good son! Can you explain it to me in your own words?" Son: "Well Dad, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, Government is sound asleep, the People are being completely ignored and the Future is full of Shit."
why do the ladies love jesus? *spreads arms wide* because he was hung like this
I have a dollar bill pressed between my chin and my chest.....who am i? Christopher Reeve at a strip club.
The angry wife met her husband at the door. There was alcohol on his breath and lipstick on his cheek. "I assume," she snarled, "that there is a very good reason for you to come waltzing in at six o'clock in the morning?" "There is." he replied, "Breakfast."
A man is sitting at the bar in his local tavern, furiously imbibing shots of whiskey. One of his friends happens to come into the bar and sees him. "Lou," says the shocked friend, "what are you doing? I've known you for over fifteen years, and I've never seen you take a drink before. What's going on?" Without even taking his eyes off his newly filled shot glass, the man replies, "My wife just ran off with my best friend." He then throws back another shot of whisky in one gulp. "But," says the other man, "I'm your best friend!" The man turns to his friend, looks at him through bloodshot eyes, smiles, and then slurs, "Not anymore! ... He is!"
Did you hear about the Indian who drank 4 gallons of tea? They found him dead the next day in his tea pee.
Black and Blue Whats black and blue and doesnt like sex? The six year old in my trunk!
Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver?? She was a woman
What has four legs and two assholes? A police horse.
What does the sun drink out of? Sunglasses.
How many hamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two.
Romney feeds the hungry. Rmoney wanted to demonstrate his compassion for the hungry when he saw a man eating grass. He asked his limo driver to stop, and he asked the man why he was eating grass. "It's all I have" said the man. Rmoney said, "Well come over to my house, I have plenty for you to eat." So the man got into the limo and they took off. On the way Rmoney said, "I'm glad I ran into you, my gardener got deported and the grass in my yard is a foot tall."
Bigger boobs. A flat-chested young lady went to Dr.Smith for advice about breast enlargements. He told her "Every day when you get out of the shower, rub your boobs and say, Scooby dooby dooby, I want bigger boobs". She did this everyday faithfully and it really worked. After a few months, she had great boobs. One day, in a rush to get to work, she forgot to do the ritual. She loved her new boobs and not wanting to take a chance, she stands up in the middle of the bus, rubs her boobs and says "Scooby dooby dooby, I want bigger boobs". A guy sitting nearby asked her, 'Do you go to Dr. Smith by any chance?' 'Why yes, I do. How did you know?' The man stood up, rubbed his crotch and said 'Hickory Dickory Dock.....'
Traveling salesman stops off at farm in County Cork, Ireland. There he sees a pig lying about in his sty with an entire back leg and other body parts missing. When the farmer comes out the salesman rather than going into his sales pitch is overcome by curiosity and asks the farmer what is the story behind that pig. "Ah, that pig!" says the farmer in a thick brogue. "That's an amazing pig that one is! Why, one time when the barn was on fire that pig ran out and opened the bar doors and let out all the animals trapped inside! That's a fine pig that one." "Well, OK" says the salesman. "But why does he look a bit odd...?" "Ah, that pig" answers the farmer. "Jayzus, I love that fine, fine pig. One time when my boy Liam fell down a well that pig went down there himself and hoisted the boy back up! That's one fine pig right there that one is!" "Yes, indeed he is" says the salesman. "But why does he look all strange and half gone...?" "Ah, that pig!" Answers the farmer. "That is one hell of a pig. One time when the missus went into labor a week early and no one else was here at the farm that pig delivered the baby and took wonderful care of my wife. That's a fine pig right there indeed." "OK!" says the salesman, a bit frustrated with the farmer. "I get it. He's an amazing pig! A wonderful pig! But why is he missing an entire leg and other parts???!" "Ah, that pig!" says the farmer. "That's a fine pig. A wonderful pig. T'would be a damned shame to eat him all at once."
So a rope walks into a bar... And the bar tender says, "Hey we don't serve your kind here." So the rope goes outside and messes up his hair and walks back in. Then the bar tender says, "Hey aren't you that rope that just walked in?" and the rope says "I'm afraid knot."
What did one asbestos tile say to the other asbestos tile? Your my asbestos friend
It's the first day for a fraternity... It's the first day for a fraternity, and the dean is explaining the rules to the new pledges. He sternly advises them, "And I must warn you of the curfew for this semester. If I catch any of you in the women's dorms past eight o'clock at night, it's fifty dollars for the first time, a hundred dollars for the second time, and five hundred dollars for the third time." One pledge raises his hand and asks, "How much for a season pass?"
A Jewish boy asks his father if he can borrow $50 The father replies, "$40 dollars?! What do you need $30 dollars for??"
How many trains have I derailed in all my years as a train driver? It's hard to keep track.
Did you hear about the plane that crashed on the way to the ginger convention? Thankfully there were no souls on board.
Overcrowding in Heaven... So it got quite crowded in heaven, so it was decided only to only accept people who had had a really bad day on the day that they died. Three people are standing in line waiting to enter Heaven. St. Peter was standing at the pearly gates and said to the first man, "Tell me about the day you died." The man said, "Oh, it was awful. To start things off, I got fired from my job. I was on the way home, and suddenly the car broke down, so I had to finish the journey on foot. Of course it started thunder-storming, and by the time I got back to my apartment, I was drenched, and even more annoyed to find out the elevators were broken. So I had to climb the stairs, all the way to my apartment on the 25th floor. When I got in, I went straight into the bedroom, and there was my wife, lying naked on the bed, clearly having just had sex. So I searched all over the apartment to try and find the bastard my wife was cheating on me with, but couldn't find him anywhere. So I went out onto the balcony to get some fresh air and clear my head, and there he was - a guy in his shorts, hanging onto the edge of my balcony just by his fingertips. So I stamped on his fingers to try and get him to fall, and eventually he gave way, and fell down. But would you believe it, he landed in some bushes and appeared to have survived. So in a fit of rage, I went back into the kitchen, dragged out the fridge, and pushed it over the edge. It fell down the 25 stories, and landed on top of him immediately crushing him. I stood there, taking in the recent events, and I was so worked up and stressed by all that had happened that I had a heart attack right there and then and died. St. Peter couldn't deny that this was a pretty bad day, and since it was a crime of passion, he let the man in. He then asked the next man in line about the day he died. "Well, sir, it was awful," said the second man. "So there I was, doing my aerobics on the balcony of my 26th floor apartment, when I suddenly I twisted my ankle and slipped over the edge. But luckily, I managed to grab the balcony of the apartment directly below me. I was just pulling myself up, when all of a sudden, some maniac came out and started stamping on my fingers! Well I fell down, but as luck would have it, I landed in some bushes. I thought I had survived the ordeal, when all of a sudden, a fucking fridge lands on my head! I was crushed to death in the most gruesome manner imaginable." St. Peter chuckled, let him into heaven and decided he could really start to enjoy this job. "Tell me about the day you died?", he said to the third man in line. "OK, picture this, I'm naked, hiding inside a refrigerator..."
an illustrious lawyer dies and goes to hell... ... where he is greeted by the devil who says, "i have claimed your soul as one of the forsaken. for all of eternity, you will serve as my aide." this suited the lawyer's taste and so he handled clerical and correctional duties on behalf of the devil. for his first assignment, the devil takes him to the 9th level of hell -- which is reserved for those who suffered addictions throughout their lives. the devil leads him down a hallway and they stop at a door. then he says, "we coerce them into indulging their vice until their spirit breaks. we also take bets based on who can last the longest." "so what's behind this door?", the lawyer asked. "this poor soul was a slave to alcohol. it not only took his life, but poisoned the lives of virtually everyone who cared for him. go ahead and see." the lawyer abides and enter a room with every type of alcoholic drink you could imagine. the man sits peacefully drinking beer after beer after beer. the devil shows the lawyer another room with wall to wall women. and just as before, the man was eagerly indulging. the last room of the day is a room with a pothead. instead of booze or broads, this room had mountains and valleys of every variety of pot. exactly one thousand years later, they return to the first room. they open it to find the man belligerently swearing at himself, cursing alcohol. they laugh and leave him alone and vomiting all over himself. when they opened the next room, the man was desperately trying to escape. the masses of women who craved him sexually were now his greatest fear, and again they leave him alone to suffer. when they enter the last room they find the pothead sitting cross-legged with his eyes closed. the devil observes, "he hasn't used any of it since we last left him." the lawyer is shocked as to how he overcame his addiction. he approaches the guy and taps him firmly on the shoulder. the pothead snaps to attention and says, "oh, dude. do you have a lighter on you?"
How does an Irishman's future look like? Very blight.
So Quasimodo decides it's time to retire... He's getting old, and ringing the bell at the Notre Dame cathedral has become too taxing. He puts a 'help wanted' ad in the local newspaper looking for a bell ringer, and receives a response the very next day from a skinny, overeager peasant, who agrees to meet him up in the bell tower. Upon meeting, Quasimodo sizes the man up and says, "Look sir, this job requires a tremendous amount of physical strength. Are you sure you're up for the task?" The peasant says "Of course! Just watch..." and he breaks into a dead run and slams into the bell with his face. The bell begins to ring and makes a lovely sound. Quasimodo is astounded. He tells the peasant if he can do it once more, he'll land the job. So the man rears back, and sprints towards the bell again, except this time he misses the bell and falls, screaming, down the bell tower to his death. Quasimodo races down the bell tower stairs and by the time he arrives at the scene a small crowd has formed. One of the onlookers sees Quasimodo and asks, "Hey, do you know this man?" To which Quasimodo replies, "No, but his face rings a bell." Part Two: So Quasimodo runs the ad in the newspaper again, and lo and behold, the peasant's twin brother, just as slight of build, answers the ad and agrees to meet Quasimodo in the bell tower. Upon meeting, Quasimodo is blunt: "You do know your brother died trying to ring this bell, don't you?" The peasant is equally blunt: "My brother was a fool, I am much stronger than he was. Here, I'll show you." The twin rears back and races towards the bell, slamming into with his face and making it ring loud and clear. Quasimodo is still floored, but agrees that the peasant can have the job if he can do it once more. The peasant sprints towards the bell again face-first, but misses the bell and goes hurtling down the bell tower to his death. "Oh here we go..." thinks Quasimodo as he races down the bell tower stairs once more to find a crowd gathered around the man's remains. Another onlooker questions him: "Quasimodo, who is this guy??" To which Quasimodo replies, "I don't know, but he's the dead ringer for his brother."
Charles proposed... A young girl came home from a date looking sad. She told her mother, "Charles proposed to me a few minutes ago." "Then why are you so sad?" her mother asked. "Because he also mentioned he was an atheist. Mom, he doesn't believe there's hell!" Her mother replied, "Marry him anyway. Between the two of us, we'll show him how wrong he is."
What's the difference in the KKK and the Supreme Court? The KKK dresses in white and scares the hell out of black people, the Supreme Court dresses in black and scares the hell out of white people.
First World Problems How to create FWP, Get a dog and a boy and throw the boy down the well and go get your dog to save him because you to lazy to do it *AMERICA*
How do you know if someone went to Harvard? They tell you.
I shared a banana with my Dad today... He had the inside bit again :( (Joke courtesy of the hysterical 'Adam Hess')
Bedside Wife A man was sleeping on his deathbed he woke up to see his wife silently praying beside him. He says "Martha, I have something to confess to you." She says "No dear, save your energy." He says " I must tell you so I may pass on to heaven, I cheated on you." She says " I know, I poisoned you."
There was a Gay guy named Billy Billy was dating a bisexual guy named Jordan. Recently, however, Jordan has started going to parties on Friday nights without inviting Billy. Billy, thinking that Jordan was ashamed of dating a guy, asks to go with him one day. When they arrive at the bar, he notices that Jordan is not holding his hands like he usually does. When they walk in, a short, drunk blonde girl who wraps her arms around his waist. Jordan introduces the girl as Jean, who tells Billy that she's heard a lot about him. Billy wonders if he told her about their relationship and starts to get jealous. He tells Jordan that he's going to go home early. Jordan follows him to the door and asks why he is leaving. Billy just says that he is not having fun and tells him to have fun with his "friend". Jordan realizes what this was all about and tells him that the girl was just someone he used to date. She recently had a child and he wanted to know whether the child was his or not. Billy doesn't believe Jordan's story. He rolls his eyes and starts walking away again. However, Jordan stops him and looks him right in the eye. Then, he says, "Billy, Jean is not my lover. She's just some girl who said that I am the one. But the kid is not my son."
Solution to joke reposts So I've seen many jokes reposted countless times(the naked guy in the fridge, the blind man etc.), and it gets pretty annoying having. So my solution is to have a page on the sidebar, that includes all the most reposted jokes so that the jokes will not be reposted.
Friend asked me a personal question: Do I ever stick it in my girlfriend's... you know... her other hole? Ew no, she might get pregnant that way.
Why is it bad for blind people to skydive? It scares the hell out of the dog
/r/jokes pretends that it has more than 1000x as many subscribers as it actually has... as a joke! http://imgur.com/wYy6m
Costume Ideas For Halloween, you should dress up as Pavlov. Not everyone will get it, but it should ring a bell.
Why do all the little boys in Crete have golden penis's? Because thats the only place that King Mino's touches them!
Why was the sand wet? Because the seaweed.
I had an amazing racist joke to tell... ...but a black guy stole it.
So someone asks a junkie.. Do you still use heroin? Well.. On the one hand yes, on the other hand no.
Guys, I'm getting a little offended by these racist jokes. I had a black friend. . . ... Until my dad sold him.
What do you call an Asian lady with one leg longer than the other?? Irene
What do you call a gay Mexican? a spigot.
What's the most dangerous place in an Excel file? C4
Pastor and the Housekeeper In France, the young assistant pastors do not live in the main rectory. That is reserved for the Pastor and his housekeeper. One day the pastor invited his new young assistant pastor to have dinner at the rectory. While being served, the young pastor noticed how shapely and lovely the housekeeper was and down deep in his heart he wondered if there was more between the pastor and the housekeeper. After the meal was over, the middle-aged pastor assured the young priest that everything was purely professional...that she was the housekeeper and cook and that was that. About a week later the housekeeper came to the pastor and said, "Father, ever since the new assistant came for dinner I have not been able to find the beautiful silver gravy ladle. You don't suppose he took it, do you?" The Pastor said, "Well, I doubt it but I'll write him a letter." So he sat down and wrote, "Dear Father, I'm not saying you did take the gravy ladle and I'm not saying you did not take the gravy ladle. But the fact remains that it has been missing since you were here for dinner." The young assistant received the letter and he answered it as follows: "Dear Father Pastor, I'm not saying that you do sleep with the housekeeper and I'm not saying that you do not sleep with the housekeeper. But I do know for sure that if you slept in your own bed you would find the gravy ladle."
How come no one liked the Chinese food enthusiast? He was a mega lo meiniac.
What's the most common question in a Gay Bar? Can i push in your stool?
Gay Joseph and Gay Franz The gay jew Joseph was locked up at the Auschwitz concentration camp. "Luckily" he and his SO had been able to both get in the same camp and keep the relationship a secret. Along came the day when Franz was the first one to be picked out by the death squads and sent of to his doom at the crematorium. Kicking and screaming they dragged Franz away from Joseph, one after another the very unlucky followed Franz to their destiny. After they fired up the ovens and Joseph had come to terms with what just happend to his beloved Joseph he saw the ash. The ash was falling down from the sky like snowflakes. He put out his tongue catching the ashes falling down like snowflakes just like he did as a kid. All he wanted was to feel Franz in the ass one last time.
A cowboy named Bud was overseeing his herd.. In a remote mountainous pasture in Montana when suddenly a brand-new BMW advanced toward him out of a cloud of dust. The driver, a young man in a Brioni suit, Gucci shoes, RayBan sunglasses and YSL tie, leaned out the window and asked the cowboy, "If I tell you exactly how many cows and calves you have in your herd, will you give me a calf?" Bud looks at the man, who obviously is an yuppie, then looks at his peacefully grazing herd and calmly answers, "Sure, why not?" The yuppie parks his car, whips out his Dell notebook computer, connects it to his Cingular RAZR V3 cell phone, and surfs to a NASA page on the Internet, where he calls up a GPS satellite to get an exact fix on his location which he then feeds to another NASA satellite that scans the area in an ultra-high-resolution photo. The young man then opens the digital photo in Adobe Photoshop and exports it to an image processing facility in Hamburg, Germany ... Within seconds, he receives an email on his Palm Pilot that the image has been processed and the data stored. He then accesses an MS-SQL database through an ODBC connected Excel spreadsheet with email on his Blackberry and, after a few minutes, receives a response. Finally, he prints out a full-color, 150-page report on his hi-tech, miniaturized HP LaserJet printer, turns to the cowboy and says, "You have exactly 1,586 cows and calves." "That's right. Well, I guess you can take one of my calves," says Bud. He watches the young man select one of the animals and looks on with amusement as the young man stuffs it into the trunk of his car. Then Bud says to the young man, "Hey, if I can tell you exactly what your business is, will you give me back my calf?" The young man thinks about it for a second and then says, "Okay, why not?" "You're a Congressman for the U.S. Government", says Bud. "Wow! That's correct," says the yuppie, "but how did you guess that?" "No guessing required." answered the cowboy. "You showed up here even though nobody called you; you want to get paid for an answer I already knew, to a question I never asked. You used millions of dollars worth of equipment trying to show me how much smarter than me you are; and you don't know a thing about how working people make a living - or about cows, for that matter. This is a herd of sheep. Now give me back my dog.
Did you hear the story about the broken pencil? It's pointless.
Why does Mitt Romney never win at Jenga? Because he takes too much from the bottom and middle and gives it to the top.
Best punchline. Ever. A teenage boy is getting ready to take his girlfriend to the prom. First he goes to rent a tux, but there's a long tux line at the shop and it takes forever. Next, he has to get some flowers, so he heads over to the florist and there's a huge flower line there. He waits forever but eventually gets the flowers. Then he heads out to rent a limo. Unfortunately, there's a large limo line at the rental office, but he's patient and gets the job done. Finally, the day of the prom comes. The two are dancing happily and his girlfriend is having a great time. When the song is over, she asks him to get her some punch, so he heads over to the punch table and there's no punchline.
Whenever I write a letter to someone, I add a footnote briefly explaining Ohm's law. It's my P.S. de resistance.
Best medieval joke you know. Go. "In days of old where men were bold and rubbers weren't invented, men wore socks around their cocks and babies were prevented."
What if god made periods to remind us to have anal sex at least once a month?
George Bush was visiting the queen of England... when he asked her "I must say, you run a real tight ship over here, would you mind telling me some of your secrets or advice?". The queen said "sure, its quite simple, I surround myself with smart people, for example, watch this". She then calls upon Tony Blair. "Tony, I have a simple question, if you mother has a child and your father has a child, and it's not your brother or sister, then who is it?" Tony Blair thinks for a moment and responds "Well it would be me" "Correct. Thank you very much Tony" says the queen. Bush says "Ahh, you know, that's real clever, I might have to try that on some of my cabinet members. Thank you very much" Bush is now back home in the U.S and calls Donald Rumsfeld to his office. "Donald, I have a question for you. If your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" Donald thinks long and hard and says "You know George, I'm not sure, but I'll give you an answer by tomorrow" Bush agrees and lets Donald go. Donald then gathers up the cabinet and asks them the question. Nobody knows the answer, and after many failed attempts somone speaks up and says "I know! lets ask Colin Powell! He's a smart man, he should know". So they call up Colin Powell. They ask him, "Colin, we have an important question for you... if your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" "You bunch of morons, it would be myself!" says Colin Powell. "Ahhh!! We get it now!" says the members of the cabinet. The next day Donald Rumsfeld approaches the president. "Sir, I believe I have the answer to that question you asked me the other day." says Donald. "Well ok, Donald, what is the answer?" "Colin Powell!" says Rumsfeld Bush looks at him for a second and gets up and yells "No you god damn idiot, it's Tony Blair!"
What did the Navy battleship captain say to his first mate during a skirmish? [OC] I think I'm feeling C6
What do you call a dog with no legs in the ocean? Bob Barker
Osama Bin Laden's afterlife... After he was killed by Seal Team Six, Osama Bin Laden immediately found himself in a large room filled with fat middle aged men wearing strange costumes. As he looked around he saw a gigantic sign that said "Welcome fellow Trekies." Confused by his surroundings, Osama wanted to get out of the room, only to face Muhhammed himself, blocking the door. "This is not the paradise I was promised in the Quoran." "Yes it is...where did you expect I'd find you 72 virgins?"
I was going to say a chemistry joke... But I was afraid I wouldn't get a reaction.
What do you call a Chinese man with one foot? Taiwon Shou.
The wife told me to go out and get some of those pills that will help me get an erection. You should have seen her face when I came back and gave her some diet pills.
Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff? Because she was wearing mittens.
A man from Brooklyn... A man from Brooklyn who worked for an entertainment company was tasked with with looking after meals for singer Adele, who was in town for a performance one day. It was known throughout the business that she refused to work on an empty stomach and that this job was crucial to the success of the performance. When Adele arrived there was no food present and she became enraged. The mans boss began to panic, until the man walked into his boss' office with a plan. "Don't worry" he said "I'm going to Philadelphia."
Two Arabs walk into a bar
Mahatma Gandhi... ...walked barefoot a lot, which probably produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. I've heard he also ate very little, which could have made him rather frail. The odd diet he kept leads me to believe he suffered from bad breath. I suppose you could have called him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
Sometimes it DOES hurt to ask! An 8 year old and a 6 year old sit down at the kitchen table to await breakfast, the older child has heard people swearing on t.v. and decides he wants to try it. When the mother walks into the kitchen and asks him what he wants for breakfast, he replies, "Can I have some god damn Cheerios?" SMACK! He falls out of his chair onto the kitchen floor, gets up, and runs upstairs crying his eyes out, with his mother in hot pursuit, spanking his rear with every step. His mom locks him in his room and shouts, "You can stay there until I let you out!" She then comes back downstairs, looks at the younger child and asks with a stern voice, "And what do YOU want for breakfast, young man?" "I don't know," he blubbers, "but you can bet your fat ass it won't be Cheerios!"
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
A man and his giraffe walk into a bar... The giraffe goes to sleep on the floor and the bartender says, "Oi, what's that lyin' over there?" The owner of the giraffe says, "That's no lion, that's a giraffe!"
Did you year about the chinese male prostitute? He'll give you a Bro-Job.
How does the man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it!
I often say...... I often say to myself. "I cant believe that cloning machine worked"
Two hobos are walking down the railroad tracks. One says "You know, just last month I found a woman here, tied to the tracks and left for dead." The other hobo asks "so what did you do?' The first hobo replies "I did what anybody else would do; I picked her up off the tracks, took her over to those bushes over there and had my way with her for a week." "Wow" says the second hobo, "did she give good head?' The other hobo replies" You know, I never did find the head."
Why does the little mermaid wear seashells? Because B shells are to small and D shells are to big.
Mime competition (please note: this joke works best if you actually do the signs when you tell it) A bar is having a mime competition, and the finalists are an Englishman and an American. The Englishman starts, putting his hand into a fist. The American replies, placing his hand in front of him (palm facing the Englishman) The Englishman then raises his index in the air. The American raises two fingers. The Englishman raises three fingers. The American joins the ends of his five fingers. The Englishman joins his index and thumb into an O shape. The American moves both hands in front of him, starting close to each other and moving apart, as if starting a breaststroke swimming motion... Confused, the Englishman gives up and the American is declared the winner. The Englishman joins his friends, still baffled by the outcome of the match, and they ask him what happened. He explains: "Well, I started off by raising by fist, meaning that we must be strong when facing adverstity. He replied with a hand, to symbolise peace, and I went on with a finger to represent unity. He raised two fingers, for duality. I raised three, for trinity. So then he joins all his fingers, to symbolise family! I joined my index and thumb in a circle, to tell him "great job" on the family mime... but then he did that odd motion, and I just couldn't understand!" At the opposite side of the bar, the American is sitting with his friends, telling them about the match: "So the idiot starts with a fist, saying he's gonna beat me up! I tell him WHOA, calm down, man! But then he says to stick a finger up my ass! I tell him, you stick two fingers up your ass! He holds up three fingers! I tell him, yeah, well stick a whole fuckin hand! But then he says his hole is too small! Well I tell him, hey, you can always stretch it!" (joke translated from French, did my best :P)
Where do you find a no-legged dog? Right where you left it.
What martial art do cows practice? Moo-thai.
I don't know why everyone says quitting smoking is so hard; I've done it hundreds of times.
Have you heard that Eskimos eat whale meat and blubber? Well, you'd blubber too if you had to eat whale meat.
Captain of a Ship.. Captain of a Naval ship spots pirates on the horizon, He calls the men to arms and asks "Quick men, Bring me my red shirt." Just before they encounter the pirates he puts on the Red Shirt, they fight, the win the battle. That night while celebrating the victory some of the crew members ask the Captain "Why do you always wear the red shirt into battle?" "Well, If the worst should happen and i get wounded, i do not want my men to see me weak, so i wear a red shirt so no one can see me bleed." the captain responded. 'Wow' they thought, our captain is really a great leader. A few days later as they searched, they came across a fleet of pirate ships, dozens over dozens of pirate ships. Worse, the pirates were headed their way. The Captain called they to arms and say "Quick men, bring me my brown pants."
Yo momma so white... ...she thinks mayonaise is a spice. ...when she goes to vote, her name is still on the list. ...when she goes to jail, she gets parole.
Have you guys heard about the new internet milk? It's for cereal.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson go on a camping trip... After a good dinner and a bottle of wine, they retire for the night, and go to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes wakes up and nudges his faithful friend. Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see." I see millions and millions of stars, Holmes," replies Watson. "And what do you deduce from that?" Watson ponders for a minute. "Well, astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. "Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful and that we are a small and insignificant part of the universe. What does it tell you, Holmes?" Holmes is silent for a moment. Watson, you idiot!" he says. "Someone has stolen our tent!"
I'm good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet... I don't know why. Edit: I'm thrilled at the response! I should say this is an original joke from British comedian Chris Turner.
What do you call an Asian lady with a Mixmaster on her head? Brenda
Lost on back roads in Vermont, a tourist collided with a local man at an intersection... He and the local got out to examine their bent fenders. "Well, don't look like much," observed the local. "Why don't we just take a little pull to steady our nerves." He grabbed the jug from his battered pickup, removed the stopper and handed it to the tourist. After taking a good slug, the tourist handed the jug back to the local, who banged the stopper and set the jug back in his truck. "Aren't you going to have some?" asked the tourist. The local shook his head. "Not till after the officer comes."
Why Does Jesus suck at hockey? He's always getting nailed to the boards.
Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off? He died instantly.
A young reporter goes looking for a story... An ambitious young TV reporter went to a small town, looking to get an interesting story for her editor. So she went to the mayor, and with the camera rolling, she asked him "anything exciting happen around here?" "Well, last month this hot young woman got lost in the woods, so 100 of the townsmen went looking for her, and when we found her we fucked the shit out of her!" "I can't put that on the air... was there anything maybe less exciting?" "Well, her mother got lost a couple of weeks later...she's not half bad, so 50 of our men went to find her, and we fucked the shit our of her!" "Come on, Mr. Mayor, this is terrible...how about you, anything intersting happen to you lately?" "Well, I got lost last week...but we won't talk about that."
Johnny is walking home form school... Johnny is walking home from school. He received a bad grade on a test and then got in trouble at school. Walking up his small farm driveway he knows he is going to be in trouble and is a bad mood. On his way to the door a chicken walks in front of him. Out of anger Johnny walks over and says" Damn chicken" and kicks it. Further up the path a pig comes trotting over and oinks at him. "damn pig, what are you looking at?' He then kicks the pig sending it away squealing. Next by the house a cow is hanging around, Johnny punches the cow and walks to the front door furious. When he get inside the house his mother is waiting for him with arms crossed and says" Johnny what was all that about? I was watching from the window and saw it all." Johnny tells him mom about the bad grade and the trouble he got in . His mother says "That is no reason to treat the animals the way you did, you must be punished for your cruelty to them. For kicking the chicken you will have no eggs for a week. For kicking the pig, no bacon or ham for two weeks, and for the cow no milk for a month." "aww come on mom" "Don't come on me, just wait till your father gets home and I tell him about your grades and you'll really be in trouble" Just then Johnny's father comes fuming through the door cursing under his breath about his bad day at work. The cat walks in front of Johnny's dad and his father kicks the cat as hard as he can. Johnny looks up to his mother with a smile and says "Well Mom should I tell him his punishment or do you want to?"
A Texan walks into a bar in Ireland and clears his voice to address the crowd of drinkers. He says, 'I hear you Irish are damn good drinkers. I'll bet 500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back.' The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. 'Is your bet still good?' asks the Irishman. The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into the pint glasses, drinking them all back-to-back. The other patrons cheer as the Texan watches in amazement. The texan gives the Irishman his money and says, 'If you don't mind me askin', where did you go for the past 30 minutes?'. The Irishman replies, 'Oh.... I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first.' Edit: Grammar/layout
A guy calls his wife to say he's had an accident at the factory He says, "I got my finger cut off!" She asks, "The whole finger?" He replies, "No, the one next to it."
George W. Bush and Karl Rove are talking... Karl Rove walks into the Oval Office and says "Mr. President, I have some bad news. Four Brazilian soldiers died yesterday in Iraq" The president buries his head in his hands, crying "no! No! No! That's awful, that's terrible...." He pauses, collects himself, and says "wait.... How many is a Brazilian?"
You just can't please them So three women were walking through town, when suddenly they spotted a building named, "Free Single Men". Desperate for love, the three women go inside. In the lobby, there stood a man who said (while pointing at an elevator across the room), "This building has 5 more floors. Each one with a different kind of man. Enjoy". The women proceed to enter the elevator. When they got to the first floor, a sign read, "This floor contains short, fat men". The women then went to the second floor. There a sign read, "This floor contains short, skinny men". The women then went to the 3rd floor, where the sign read, "This floor has tall, fat men". Then they went to the 4th floor, where the sign read, "This floor contains tall, skinny men". But when they got to the 5th floor, it was empty. The only thing there was a sign that read, "There are no men on this floor. This floor was created to prove the fact that there is no way to please a woman.
my mate rang me earlier.... My mate rang me earlier and says "Hey dude, what you up to?" "Probably failing my driving test" I say
I watched the bonus features on a porn movie today. It just showed a woman crying in the shower, washing all the cum out of her hair.
A Texan Visits Israel A Texan visits Israel for vacation and spends several weeks travelling around to see the different sites. One day, while making his way through the countryside to a destination, he realizes he is quite thirsty and stops at a small farm to request a drink. The owner of the farm is quite friendly and provides the Texan with a drink of water. Israel is not a particularly large country and has a fairly large population, so the individual farmsteads are rather small. Noticing this, and feeling friendly, the Texan talks a bit. 'Back in a Texas, I'm a farmer too, although it's a bit different there. If I climb in my truck early in the morning and drive until noon across my property, I'm not even halfway across. If I keep driving until the sun sets, I'll have only reached the other end of my property, and I'll have to camp out and drive back the next day' The Israeli farmer nods before responding 'I once had a truck like that'
I bought my girlfriend a big helium balloon for her birthday it didn't go down very well.
What song do they play at a Jehovah's witness funeral? Knock, knock, knockin on Heavens door
Drunk lecture A cop stops a drunk late at night and asks where he's going. " I'm going to a lecture about alcohol abuse and the effects it has on the human body." Slurs the drunk. " Really? who's giving that lecture at one in the morning?" " My wife."
I picked up a tub of ice cream and a tub of light ice cream They weighed the same.
A man from the city is driving down a country road as he is speeding, a rabbit jumps in front of his car and is killed instantly. The man stops, checks and discovers the rabbit is dead, and is about to get back in the car until a farmer shouts "you need to dispose of that, mister!" The man calmly goes into the trunk of his car and pulls out a can. He walks up to the rabbit, sprays it for a minute or two, and waits. To the farmer's surprise, the rabbit gets up and runs a few feet, turns, and waves. The rabbit runs a few more feet, turns and waves, and continues this until it's back in the woods. The man gets in his car and drives off. Confused, the farmer looks at the empty can and reads: "hair restoration with permanent wave"
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? To reach the bottom. As told by my 5 y/o cousin.
The Game You just lost.
Geeky Joke There are 10 kinds of people: those who can count in binary, those who can't and those who weren't expecting a base 3 joke.
How to rob a bank I'm going to go rob a bank tomorrow. I plan on dressing up in a clown wig and make up and only wearing a thong and nipple tassels. I'll carry a goat and a can of fluorescent paint in one arm and, while in the bank, I'm going to fuck the goat and throw the paint over the walls, all the time ripping up pages of a phonebook and swearing my head off. After getting the money, I'll take a shit on the floor and piss everywhere. I then will escape in a van shaped like a giant pink cock. Let's see America's most wanted fucking stage a reconstruction of that.
"I own a small allotment...", So far I'm the only person I've heard laugh at this joke. I own a small allotment. Every night someone throws soil in on top of in. I've absolutely no idea why. The plot thickens.
An amateur group of Islamic film makers have posted a video on YouTube which mocks Christianity and Jesus Christ. It is believed to be so offensive that St Mary's church in Dublin have postponed their tea and cake morning until next Wednesday, and Dorothy O'Neill from Dinlge has written a strongly worded letter. When will the madness end?
So I phoned the Amputee Hotline the other day I got cut-off.
How many saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just one. But it takes 3 episodes.
A woman is very afraid of the size of her opening. She goes to her mother and says "what am I gonna do I'm so big down there, when I marry Harry he's going to divorce me!" Her mother says "Don't worry sweetheart it runs in the family, do what I did when I married your father and go to the market to buy some raw liver, put it in there he'll never know the difference." So she does, and they have eight hours of sex after their marriage. She wakes up at 10 and the husband is gone, there is a note on the pillow. "My darling Harriet, to think that I waited a year to consummate our loving relationship makes my heart beat so loudly I'm surprised it didn't wake you up! The only reason I'm not here now darling is because I'm at work to make enough money to buy you a house, a picket fence, we'll have dogs and children! When the five o clock dinner bell rings I'll be home like the winged gossamer of love in your arms, your loving husband Harry. PS. Your cunt is in the sink!"
What thought can you easily share with someone else without using words? That you **had** to fart.
Jimmy approached his teacher After looking at the syllabus for their next lesson on graphing, Jimmy approached his teacher with a stern look on his face and said, "I'll do algebra, I'll do trig, I'll even do statistics, but graphing is where I draw the line!"
Why doesn't Mexico have a team in the summer Olympics? Because all the ones who can run, jump or swim are ready in the US.
What do you call the process of becoming an honorary Asian? Orientation.
How do you make a plumber cry? Staple a frog to his forehead
Three guys in the pub... There were three guys talking in the pub. Two of them are talking about the amount of control they have over their wives, while the third remains quiet. After a while one of the first two turns to the third and says, "Well, what about you, what sort of control do you have over your wife?" The third fellow says, "I'll tell you. Just the other night my wife came to me on her hands and knees." The first two guys were amazed. "Wow! What happened then?" they asked. The third man took a healthy swallow of his beer, sighed and uttered, "She said, 'Get out from under the bed and fight like a man."
Why is light beer like having sex in a canoe? They're both fucking close to water.
Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color? He had *a reptile dysfunction*.
I came up with a great joke about a boomerang but I forgot it. I'm sure it'll come back to me.
I was trying to work out what that flying red disk was But then it hit me
A leper gave me the finger the other day I was upset, but I still did the right thing and gave it back
What does a news anchor say during sex? this just in
What is the most common death among square dancers? Over Do-se-do.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? He wiped his butt.
Why did the Pollock cross the road? Because his dick was in the chicken.
A man dies and goes to hell.. When he reaches hell he is stopped by the Devil. The devil tells him that, because this man was such a sonofabitch, and the Devil was genuinely impressed by his sonofabitchery, he would let the man choose what his punishment would be for the rest of eternity. The Devil leads the man to the dungeons so he could choose between three options. The man reaches the first dungeon, and sees a group of demons whipping a young man repeatedly with bull whips, laughing and cackling all the while. The man decides: no, he'd rather not get whipped for eternity, and the Devil moves him along. The man reaches the second dungeon, and sees a group of demons stabbing a middle-aged man with a red hot poker, in every part of his body, as he screamed in pain. The man instantly decides: no, he'd rather not get stabbed for eternity, and the Devil moves him along. The man reaches the third and last dungeon, and sees a beautiful young blonde woman giving an old man a blowjob: easily the most perfect blowjob he had ever seen. The man doesn't even hesitate: yes, that's what he wants to have happen for eternity. The Devil nods in agreement, and with a smile, says: "Come along Stacey, your replacement's here."
Racist Pilot There is an airplane flying over the ocean. The Pilot says:"Ladies and Gentlemen... We are crashing!" Everyone: " OMG OMG OMG!" Pilot: " The reason is that the airplane is too heavy, so we will proceed to throw some passengers out to save ourselves!... Let's make this fair and go alphabetically." The pilot then starts: "Is anyone Africanamerican?" Noone answers. "Ok, is anyone Black?" Again noone answers. "Alright, is anyone Coloured?" Still noone answers. A kid in the middle of the plane then says:" Daddy, why are we not saying anything, we are all of those things." The father answers:" Son! Today we are Niggers. The Mexicans get to go first!"
A man smashed his car into a tollgate. He really totaled the booth, there was bits of wood everywhere. As he was wondering what on earth to do his friend happens to drive up and has a look at the damage. "I've got some glue in my car that will fix this in no time" says the friend. "No way" says the first man, "this booth is smashed into a thousand bits, you can't just glue something like that together." "Just you watch me" says his friend and sets to work. After about 15 minutes he stands back and the tollgate is all fixed up, good as new! "Wow, that sure is amazing, what type of glue is that?" The friend shows him the tube of glue, it is Tollgate Booth Paste.
What do you call? (NSFW) What do you call a woman with no legs? I've got no idea, but have you seen the mess a snail makes?
I kept wondering why the Frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What do you call a cow that can't make milk? An udder failure!
The day after Stalin's death... ...the Soviet nation decided to get rid of him once and for all and bury him as far away as possible. They set up a special commission. The commission turned to the British government with the request that they make available a plot in a British cemetery. "Well," replies the British government, "we do already have Karl Marx in England ... Two such great masters in the one cemetery . . . That would be overdoing it a bit..." So they tried the Germans. "Well, we would bury him here,' reply the Germans, but Hitler is already buried here. Two such great tyrants in the one country ..." Suddenly there arrived a telegram from Tel Aviv: "In view of the fact that Stalin did not block the creation of the state of Israel, we agree to bury him here." "No way," said the members of the commission in sudden panic. "No way. After all they had a resurrection there ...'"
Little Johnny comes home from school... Johnny comes home from college one afternoon and heads to his bedroom. As he passes his parent's room, he hears a strange noise and opens the door to investigate. Inside, Johnny sees his mom and his dad in bed going at it. Johnny stands there, eyes wide as dad really gives it to his mom. A few moments later, dad notices Johnny, grins widely at him, gives him a thumb's-up, laughs and goes back to plowing her. A few days later, dad comes home and heads to his room. As he nears Johnny's room, he hears a commotion and decides to investigate. When he opens the door, he sees Johnny in bed with his grandmother, going at it. Dad stands there, dumbfounded. When he finally comes to his senses, he shouts, "Johnny, what the fuck are you doing!?" Johnny looks over, grins widely, and says, "Yeah, it's not so funny when it's your mom, huh?"
Bus driver There was once a bus conductor, and he had really bad anger management problems, One day a woman on the bus refused to pay the fare. Well, the bus conductor got so angry he killed her. He was tried and sentenced to death by the electric chair. The day for his execution came, and they took him out of his cell and brought him to the chair. The guard said, "Have you any last requests?" The man replied, "Yes, I'd like an unripe green banana, please." So they got him an unripe green banana, and he peeled it, ate it, and threw the skin away, and they strapped him to the chair. "Are you ready?" they asked. "Yes," he said. And they hit the switch. And nothing happened. So he was taken back to his cell. The guards rewired the chair and tested it a few times, and it worked perfectly. They brought the man back and said, "Have you any last requests?" The man replied, "Yes, I'd like an unripe green banana, please." So they got him an unripe green banana, and he peeled it, ate it, and threw the skin away, and they strapped him to the chair. "Are you ready?" they asked. "Yes," he said. And they hit the switch. And nothing happened. So he was taken back to his cell. Well, the guards bought a brand new electric chair. This one was amazing: leather seats, gold-plated armrests studded with rubies, the works. It was an incredible sight. They brought the man back and asked, "Have you any last requests?" The man replied, "Yes, I'd like an unripe green banana, please." So they got him an unripe green banana, and he peeled it, ate it, and threw the skin away, and they strapped him to the chair. "Are you ready?" they asked. "Yes," he said. And they hit the switch. And nothing happened. Now, in this particular state, there was a law that if someone survived the electric chair three times, he must be set free. So the man was released, and as soon as he stepped out of the prison, the press was all over him. He walked through the crowd and the flashing cameras until he saw a small man who asked, "Have you discovered some miraculous phenomenon of unripe green bananas?" "No," he replied, "I've just always been a bad conductor."
Pierre the brave French fighter pilot Pierre, a brave French fighter pilot, takes his girlfriend, Marie, out for a pleasant little picnic by the River Seine. It's a beautiful day and love is in the air. Marie leans over to Pierre and says, "Pierre, kiss me!" Our hero grabs a bottle of Merlot and splashes it on Marie's lips. "What are you doing, Pierre?" says the startled Marie. "I am Pierre, the famous French fighter pilot! When I have red meat, I like to have red wine!" She smiles and they start kissing. When things began to heat up a little, Marie says, "Pierre, kiss me lower." Our hero tears her blouse open, grabs a bottle of Chardonnay and starts pouring it all over her breasts. "Pierre! What are you doing?", asks the bewildered Marie. "I am Pierre the famous French fighter pilot! When I have white meat, I like to have white wine!" They resume their passionate interlude and things really steam up. Marie leans close to his ear and whispers, "Pierre, kiss me lower!" Our hero, grabs a bottle of Cognac and pours it in her lap. He then strikes a match and lights it on fire. Marie shrieks and dives into the river. Standing waist deep, Marie throws her arms upwards and screams furiously, "PIERRE, what in the hell do you think you're doing?" Our hero stands up, defiantly, and says, "I am Pierre the famous French fighter pilot! When I go down, I go down in flames!"
A door-to-door salesman knocks on a door... and a 16yo boy comes the door wearing makeup, high heels, panties and an ill-fitting bra. The salesman says, "Son, are your parents in?" To which the boy replies, "What the fuck do you think?!"
What's red with seven dents Snow Whites cherry
sexist joke Why is a woman like a condom? Because they both spend more time in your wallet then on your dick.
What did the baby corn say? what did the baby corn say to momma corn? where is popcorn.
Three friends die and go to heaven... and meet God at the gate. God tells them that he will give them cars to drive into heaven, but first they have to tell him how many times they cheated on their wives, and they shouldn't bother lying because he has a big record book of every person's actions. God turns to the first man and asks how many times he cheated on his wife, to which the man responds "twice." God flips through the big book, and sure enough, the man was telling the truth. "Since you were honest, you can get into heaven, but for cheating on your wife twice, you have to drive this 1996 Chevy Lumina for eternity," and he hands the man the keys. God then looks at the next man and asks the same question. "I cheated on my wife 10 times," the next man replied nervously. God opened his big book, flipped through and saw that the man was telling the truth. "For cheating on your wife 10 times, you will drive a rusty 1977 Ford Pinto for eternity" and hands the man the keys. God then turns to the third man. "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" "I never did." God looks at the man skeptically and replies "You know if you lie to me, you will have to spend eternity in hell. I'll give you one more chance to tell the truth. How many times did you cheat on your wife?" "I didn't cheat on her, God, I was always faithful." "Very well then." God said, and flipped to the man's name in his book. God looks up at the man, surprised, and says "Well what do you know? You were telling the truth! Here's a Ferrari Enzo made of solid gold to drive forever! Now go enjoy heaven, my children." They all start driving into heaven, but then the first two men see the golden Ferrari stopped at the gate. They go to see what the problem is, and the driver is crying in the front seat. "You are in heaven and you get to drive a car made of solid gold until the end of time, what could possibly be wrong?" "I just saw my wife on a skateboard!"
Someone asked me to make a joke about cancer... I said, "Sorry I can't sir."
Joke: Where did AT&amp;T get their 2007 slogan? Ireland: More bars in more places
Besides being an famous chief (despite burning everything he cooked), Adolf Hitler was also a star athlete.... He was the fascist kid on the playground.
What do you call two Filipino pilots? A pair of pliers
How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they have machines for that these days
Guys, always let the ladies finish first. It's just common coitusey.
Two dyslexic men walk into a bra.
Did you hear about the Irish man who tried to blow up a bus? He burnt his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Following the recent anti-Islam film made, there will be a film made to mock Jesus Christ. It will be released in 1979 and will be called Life of Brian
If an Apple today keeps the doctor away... If an Apple today keeps the doctor away then he must be using IOS6 maps.
My Friend Artie My friend Artie and I stopped into a convenience store after a long day at work last week. The line was particularly long, and the clerk was taking his time ringing people up. About ten minutes into the waiting, Artie motions to me to look at the floor, there is a dollar bill laying there. Well, Artie picks up the dollar and just then two old women standing in line behind us start yelling and screaming at Artie that it was their dollar. The situation escalated to where they were beating on Artie's chest as he holds the dollar out of their reach. The whole time I'm thinking how ridiculous it is that these women are freaking out over one dollar, which was most likely not even theirs anyway. Artie then had enough and grabbed both of these old ladies by the throat and starts choking them. I'm really freaking out now, I mean Artie may kill these women. A police officer happened to be in the store, stopped the situation, and took Artie off to jail. The very next day I'm driving passed the store and see a sign in the window. It say's "Artie Chokes, Two for a dollar."
Why did god make homosexuality a sin? Because His boyfriend thought that would make it hotter.
Did you hear about the Muslim Party? It was a blast
Blasphemous jokes http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/ubv1y/whats_the_best_religious_or_antireligious_joke/ Yes, it is in /r/atheism, but there are some really good ones in there
Two guys walk into a bar... the next one ducks.
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows!
Saint Peter is doing his daily routine... Saint Peter is doing his daily routine at the heavenly gates when he has to pee. Jesus comes by bringing him his daily coffee and Peter asks him to man the gates for a couple of minutes. -"Sure man, what do I have to do?" -"It's not that hard", St. Peter says, "You just ask a few questions about what the person has done in his life, listen to their story and let them in  or not." So Jesus takes over, when suddenly an old man approaches. "So... who are you and what have you done in your life?" -"Well, I was a carpenter, and I had a son, but he wasn't really my son, there was no sex involved, he came to life by some kind of magic, I can't explain... Jesus is bewildered. "Can you describe your son?" -"He went on a big journey, and he had holes in his hands and feet." Jesus is completely flabbergasted and stumbles: "... Dad?" The old carpenter starts crying and screams: [-"PINOCCHIO ??!!](/spoiler)
A homeless man is sitting next to an attractive, young nun at a bus stop... and the bus pulls up. The nun gets on bus and goes to the back. The bus driver noticed the homeless man eye-balling the nun as she climbed the steps and says to him, "Would you want to have sex with that nun." The homeless man says, "Absolutely! I would give anything for a night with her." The bus driver then tells him, "Well that nun walks through the park every Friday night. At midnight exactly she always stops at the statues of Jesus and prays. What you gotta do is go by the costume shop and buy a God costume and mask, pop out from behind the statue at midnight, and she'll do anything for you. Since I feel like it's been awhile since you've had any, here $20 for the costume." The homeless goes and buys the costume and waits behind the statue on Friday night. Sure enough, the nun shows up right at midnight. She starts to pray, but halfway through, the homeless man pops out dressed as God. "Oh my goodness," says the nun when she sees him, "is this you answering my prayers?" "Yes!" booms the homeless man, "but I must ask a favor of you. I must have sex with you so that my son may return." "Well," says the nun, "I'm fine with that, but could you do it anally? I want to preserve my virginity so that I can stay in the nunnery." "Sure," says the homeless man. He proceeds to lift up her robe and have his way with her. After he finishes, he takes off the mask and says, "Gotcha! I'm the guy who sat next to you at the bus stop!" The nun then takes off her mask and says, "Gotcha! I'm the bus driver!"
Why did Jesus die on the cross? He forgot the safe word.
A Rapist, a Pedophile and a Priest walk into a Bar. He orders a drink.
Jewish mothers How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb? *Exasperated sigh* No it's fine, I'll just sit here in the dark!
Why do the ladies love Jesus? Because he was hung like this! (spread arms out)
In hard times, a young woman becomes a prostitute... For obvious reasons, she tries to keep this hidden from her only relative, her old grandma. One cold evening, the brothel that the prostitute works in is raided by police. All sex workers are forced to wait in a line outside to show identification and documents. As luck would have it, nan was in this bad area in town saw her granddaughter in the queue. She asked "Why are you standing in line here dear, are you not cold?". Trying to think of a good alibi, the grand daughter told her that the policeman were handing out free oranges. Excited by the prospects of free oranges, the old lady said "Why how awfully nice of them, I might get some myself" and went to the back of the line. A policeman, going down the line for more information looks very suprised when he comes to the four foot eight female yoda. "Wow, how do you keep at it at your age?". "Well darling, I just take my dentures out, rip the skin back, and suck them dry".
three men go to heaven Three men died and went to heaven, one was a philosopher, one was a mathematician, and one was a common idiot. Well due to overcrowding in heaven, the devil and St.Paul decided that to get into heaven you would have to pass a test. The three men arrive at the pearly gates and St.Paul says "Alright, all of you have to prove you are worthy of going to heaven." The mathematician says "Alright, give me a list of the most complicated math problems ever." The devil snaps his fingers and the problems appear. The devils says to him "Well what do you think?" He replies "They are all right." so he goes to hell. After this the philosopher says "This will be easy." He then asks the devil for the most logical problem ever, and the devil gets it. The devil then asks "What did you think ?" To which he replies "You are right." and he goes to hell. So the common idiot steps up and says to the devil "Give me a chair with 18 holes drilled in the seat." The devil looks at him funny and gets the chair. The idiot then sits down in the chair and farts. He gets up and asks the devil "Which hole did the fart come from?" the devil starts to lean down and sniff each hole, finally he says "Third one from the right." To which the idiot says "Wrong." "It came from my asshole." He then gets to go to heaven.
A mourning man goes to see Jesus He walks up to messiah, eyes red from crying. "Oh Jesus, he snivels", "I need you help. My father died and I ... I need you ..." "My child, I am here for you, and I knew your father, he was a good man and is certainly in heaven now." "Comforting as that is, Jesus, I fear not for his fate, what I need is ..." "To pray with me, and fight through your pain and anguish" "What? No Jesus, I need no prayers, my father lies dead on his bed, I need you to ..." "Stay your tongue, not even I bring people back from the dead" "That is not what I came to you for!" the man cries out. " The other carpenter is out on a business trip, so I would like you to build my father a coffin!"
I'm pretty sure Jesus was Italian Because only an Italian mother could think her son was a god. And only an Italian son could think his mother was a virgin.
A doctor walks into the exam room.... A doctor walks into the exam room, and sees the patient with carrots in his ears, and peas in his nose. The patient says "Doc, I don't feel so good..." and the doctor replies "You're not eating right!"
Four kids walk into an interview... Four kids walk into an interview. One is American, one is British, one is African, and one is Chinese. The interviewer asks them all the same question: "In your own opinion, what do you think of the scarcity of food in other countries?" The British kid asks "What is scarcity?" The American kid asks "What are other countries?" The African kid asks "What is food?" And the Chinese kid asks "What is my own opinion?"
Red ring, green ring John is sitting in a doctor's waiting room, waiting to go in. To pass the time, he asks the man sitting next to him what he's there for. "Oh, I'm here because I have a strange red ring around the base of my penis, and I don't know where it came from." "What a coincidence," says John, "I'm here because I have a strange *green* ring around the base of *my* penis! I guess we'll see what the doctor says." Eventually, the man with the red ring goes in to see the doctor, but comes out just five minutes later with a sheepish grin on his face. "It's nothing," he says, "Doctor says it'll be gone tomorrow!" Relieved that the ring problem is nothing serious, John goes in to the doctor's office. The doctor takes one look at his wang and tells him that it's going to have to come off. "What??? but you told the other guy his ring will wash right out!" "Yeah... his ring was lipstick, yours is gangrene..."
A muslim, buddhist and a Christian were arguing... about whose God was the greatest. The muslim said "I will throw myself off this cliff and my God will save me." So he threw himself off the cliff, closed his eyes and shouted "allah allah allah allah..." until he realised he was fast approaching the ground. He started to panic and shouted louder and faster "ALLAHALLAHALLAHALLAH!!!" all the way until he hit the ground and died. Next, the Buddhist said, "I will throw myself off this cliff and my God will save me." So he threw himself off the cliff, closed his eyes and shouted "buddha buddha buddha buddha..." until he realised he was fast approaching the ground. He started to panic and shouted louder and faster "BUDDHABUDDHABUDDHA!!!" and a great big hand came down from the sky and caught him safely. Lastly, the Christian proclaimed "I will throw myself off this cliff and my God will save me." So he threw himself off the cliff, closed his eyes and shouted "Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus..." until he looked down and realised he was fast approaching the ground. He started to panic and started shouting at the top of his voice "BUDDHABUDDHABUDDHABUDDHA!!!"
My classic blasphemy joke in honor of the occasion... A priest, a pedophile and a rapist walk into a bar. He sits down and orders a drink.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 was a registered 6 offender.
So a Rabbi and a Priest are sitting on a park bench... So a Rabbi and Priest are sitting on a park bench, and a little 5 year old boy walks by... The priest leans over to the rabbi and says, "See that kid? Let's take him behind those bushes and fuck him!" The rabbi replies, "Outta what?"
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken!
A woman dies and goes to heaven... She asks an angel to show her around a bit. The angel agrees and they wander through heaven. After a while they come by a room from which the woman hears painful screams. She asks the angel about the screams and he answers: 'Well, in this room we drill holes in your back so we can apply wings to your body. You have to know, wings do not grow automatically.' They continue and soon they come by another room with even more painful screams. The woman again asks the angel about the screams. The angel answers: 'Well, here we drill a hole in your head to apply a halo to it. They too do not come alone to your body.' The woman says: 'Knowing all these things I'd rather go to hell.' The angel is shocked and asks: 'Are you sure? In hell you get raped by demons in your ass, your cunt and your mouth.' To what the woman replies: 'You may be right, but at least they do not have to drill these holes in my body.'
Funny because it's true. In Genesis Chapter 3 God kicks Adam and Eve out from the garden of evil for eating the fruit from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. This fruit, offered to them by the serpent (Satan), conferred upon them knowledge of what is good and what is evil. For this they were removed from the garden. In order to make up for this, they accept this moral knowledge from their ancestors in the form of their sacred tomes, and pass it on to their descendants and converts. And because the world has multiple religions and they are all just as hooked on passing down their knowledge of good and evil that they can't help fighting over whose morality is more moral, and end up slaughtering innocents. The church is the servant of the serpent and they don't even realize it.
What do you get when you mix a Jehovah's Witness with an Atheist? Someone who shows up to your door for no reason.
Did anyone else hear that France is changing the color of its flag to plain white? Supposedly it is to make battles easier.
A Communist dies... ...at home with his family. He was a good man in life, caring for his family and working hard for the good of Socialism and his fellow man. However, being a Communist and therefore an Atheist, he is not allowed entrance into Heaven, and being such a good man, he cannot be consigned to Hell forever, either. The representatives of the two realms agree to share him, and have him spend one year in Heaven then one year in Hell, for all eternity. His first year is spent in Hell, and when, at the end of his term, he is delivered to the Pearly Gates, God and the Devil trade a few words on the remarkable prisoner. The Devil says, "I can't wait to be rid of this guy. You wouldn't believe the trouble he's causing. He's organised my Demons into a union, half of the fire-stokers are on strike, and he's even organised a Young Communists league among the tortured souls. It's going to take me the whole year just to undo it all." God replies, "I'm omniscient and omnipotent. I think I can keep one guy in line, and with the availability of all heavenly pleasures he won't have time to cause any trouble." At the end of his year in Heaven, he is again brought to the Pearly Gates to trade him off. The Devil smugly asks God, "Were you able to keep him in line as you thought?" God answers, "I don't have time to stand and chat, I'm afraid, I'm late for the Party meeting. Have a good year in Hell, Comrade."
The pope dies and arrives at the Pearly Gates... The pope dies and arrives at the Pearly Gates with the gates being shut and St. Peter nowhere to be found. He starts loudly calling for him and finally after a couple of minutes of desperate yelling a white dove flies over to him. "What do you want, human?" asks the dove in a human voice "Why, I've been a proper Christian my whole life and an earthly succesor of the St. Peter's leadership of all the Christians. And I want to get to heaven! Where is St. Peter? And who are you?" "Christians? I'm the Holy Spirit and I've never heard of this Peter or Christianity you are talking about. Are you sure you are in the right place?" answers the dove. "Of course I am? Shouldn't you know that?" The dove looks confused and finally asks the pope to wait for a second as he flies away to ask God the Father about the thing. After a couple of minutes the dove returns with a big old man with a long white beard dressed in white robes. "I am God the Father, the creator of the Universe. Who are you and what do you want?" "I'm the last pope, the leader of the Christians and I wanted to rejoice with your presence in heaven!" "Christians? What are you talking about mortal?" God scratches his beard and ponders for a while. "Hey Holy Spirit! Ask Jesus to come here right now!" The pope smiles as he realises that who if not Jesus himself will finally know what Christianity is. Finally a young hippie-looking guy with holes in his hands and feet comes over. The pope falls to the round in a deep bow. "Hey Jesus, my son!" says God "This man here speaks of of some peculiar things. Of wanting to get into heaven and of people called 'Christians'? Do you know anything about this?" Jesus looks down at his feet and blushing replies quietly - "Well... Do you remember that fishing club I founded two thousand years ago..."
My contribution to Blasphemy day - A pothead died... and went to heaven. Upon reaching the heavenly gates, Saint Peter asked him: "What was your occupation on earth my son?" The pothead replied: "I used to smoke a lot of marijuana sir." Saint Peter then got a little confused in his head because he had never heard of anything called 'marijuana'. He then closed the gates with the hippie pothead out of heaven and went to check with the boss. Behind a pretty mahogany desk there was the Father/Son/Holy Spirit working on paperwork. Saint Peter asked him: "OH Father, what is marijuana?" God didn't know also, and got a little upset because there was something in his creation he didn't know. So he sent Saint Peter to earth to discover what the heck marijuana was. After 3 months missing on earth, Saint Peter called Heaven on the phone. Saint Mary of Guadalupe answered the phone, and on the other side St. Peter Said: "Yo! Lupita?! Wassup?! Hey, let the guy in 'cause the shit here is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!"
It's Friday the 13th, and St. Peter is having a busy day at the pearly gates... ...and needs to get creative to make sure he can make it through the backlog. So he decides that only people with really shocking deaths can get into Heaven today. So the first guy in line comes to St. Peter's desk, and when asked to describe his death, he says "Well I was a successful businessman with a beautiful wife and a nagging concern that she was cheating on me. So one day I went home early because I was pretty sure she was having her affair over. When I get into the apartment I can hear my wife making food in the kitchen, so I go to investigate, and guess what: she was naked! Aha! So I ask her where "he" is, to which she doesn't really answer. So I stormed around the apartment, checking everywhere, and when I finally didn't find anyone I somewhat sheepishly went out onto the balcony to get a breath of fresh air, when lo and behold THERE HE IS! Hanging naked from the balcony! So I started trying to pry his hands off and send him to his deserved fate  it's an 8th floor apartment  but he was holding on with inhuman strength, so I came back with a hammer and smashed his fingers until he finally let go! But the bastard landed on a thick hedge and was still moving, so I went back inside, dragged the fridge over and pushed it over the balcony rail and killed him. But the exertion gave me a heart attack so here I am. St. Peter, clearly taken aback, said he had to accept him into heaven today because even though that was a pretty terrible thing to do he had decided to let anyone with a shocking story in. The man thanked St. Peter and went on his way. A second man presented himself to St. Peter, and when asked, told his story "You will not believe this one!" he said. "I was working out in my penthouse apartment when I found the day was getting a bit warm, so I stripped all my clothes off. Then, while running on the treadmill it was still too hot so I moved out to my balcony. All of a sudden something happened and I fell off!!! As my life flashed before my eyes, I suddenly found the railing of the balcony below me in my grip and I held on for dear life. Shortly thereafter a man came out, and when I started to ask him to help me the crazy fucker started punching and prying at my hands!!!! I screamed for him to stop but he had this insane rage about him. He finally went back inside and I hoped cleared his head but no! Out he came with a hammer. Well I couldn't hold on then and fell to what I was sure was my death when bang! I landed on something painful but soft. Just as I realized I was maybe going to survive a fuckin fridge fell on me, and so here I am." St. Peter, shaking his head unbelievingly, welcomed the poor soul into heaven. Then a third man came to the head of the line, and when asked for his story said "You'll never believe this! I was having an affair with this ravishing babe when her husband came home, so I hid in the fridge..." *edited to try to break up wall of text slightly.
Einstein, Newton and Pascal play hide and seek... One day, Einstein, Newton, and Pascal meet up and decide to play a game of hide and seek. Einstein volunteered to be "It." As Einstein counted, eyes closed, to 100, Pascal ran away and hid, but Newton stood right in front of Einstein and drew a one meter by one meter square on the floor around himself. When Einstein opened his eyes, he immediately saw Newton and said "I found you Newton," but Newton replied, "No, you found one Newton per square meter. You found Pascal!".
there were two kids in a sunday school... there were two kids in a sunday school named adam and mary, adam was sitting directly behind mary and everytime mary raised her hand to answer a question, adam found it amusing to poke her in the back with his pencil. "todays lesson we will be answering three questions and then you may leave" said the teacher. "first, heres an easy one. who did the virgin mary give birth to?" adam poked mary in the back with the pencil and she replied a little agrivated "ahh! jesus!" the teacher was pleased with mary and asked the second question "who is the ruler of everything?" again adam poked mary with his pencil and again she replied agrivatedly "ahh! god!" the teacher obviously pleased with mary decided to ask a very hard question "what did eve say to adam after they gave birth to their 100th child?" again adam pokes mary in the back with his pencil and she angrily turns around and snaps "adam, if you stick that in me one more time, im gunna break it in half!!"
Taking his son golfing Mr. Smith was a bad golfer, but God help him, he still loved to play the game. One weekend morning, his wife couldn't look after their son, so he agreed to bring him along, and have him act as his caddy. When they got to the course, he pulled his son aside and handed him a scorecard. "Here's the scorecard Timmy. I need to you write down the number I tell you for each hole, OK?" "OK Daddy!" His son replied. So they went out and boy, oh boy was it a bad day for Mr. Smith. Every other shot, it seemed, went into the rough, a sand trap or somewhere other than where he wanted. After a long, hot arduous round, he was ready to hit the 19th hole...but first he had to get the score. "Ok Timmy, what do you have my score at for today?" His son pulled out the scorecard and counted up the total and said "I have you with a 72 dad." "72? That's amazing! That's like 50 strokes lower than my average. Are you sure you wrote down the number I said for every hole?" "Yeah, you yelled Fore! on every hole." (For those who don't know about golf, "Fore" is a yell you give when your ball is going in the direction of other golfers)
Apple and Fifty Shades of Gray are popular for the same reason ... ... they both offer the fantasy of being dominated by a rich guy, who pushes the boundarys of what you though you were into.
Happy Blasphemy Day! A priest, a rabbi, and a monk are all flying on a plane carrying starving children from africa. Suddenly, the pilot loses control, and announces that the plane is going down and there are only 4 parachutes. The pilot grabs one of them and jumps off the plane. The monk looks to the other two and says "we have lived long, good lives. We should give 3 of these children a chance to live." The rabbi quickly responds "fuck the children, I want to live!" To which the priest replies "do we have time?"
Why do the ladies love Jesus? He's hung like this. (Stretch out arms.) Really one that you have to tell in person, but it's my favorite.
An iPhone user walks into... [x-post r/funny] a bar, a hotel, a field. He's not too sure
I'm going out with two anorexic girls, Two birds, one stone
My Blasphemous Joke.. So, Dolly Parton and the Queen of England somehow end up dying at the same moment and find themselves at the Pearly Gates in front of St. Peter. He tells them both that there's only enough room for one of them to pass, so they need to prove themselves. Dolly Parton simply opens her blouse and shows Peter her extremely large, expensive fake boobs and says "just look at these! They belong in Heaven!" Impressed, Peter nods the "not bad" and looks over to the Queen. The Queen simply takes out a bottle of Dom Perignon, opens and then proceeds to douche with it. Absolutely stunned, Peter just motions the Queen to pass without a word. A stunned Dolly asks Peter "what gives?!" He simply states: "Easy. A Royal Flush beats two pair any day."
So, its blasphemy you want? Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a sand-nigger.
The incredible human machine * It takes your food seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach. * One human hair can support 6.6 pounds. * The average man's penis is two times the length of his thumb. * Human thighbones are stronger than concrete. * A woman's heart beats faster than a man's. * There are about one trillion bacteria on each of your feet. * Women blink twice as often as men. * The average person's skin weighs twice as much as the brain. * Your body uses 300 muscles to balance itself when you are standing still. * If saliva cannot dissolve something, you cannot taste it. * Women will be finished reading this by now. * Men are still busy checking their thumbs.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!!
2 holy men are praying in the synagogue filled with piety, one throws himself to his knees, looks up to the sky, and shouts, "oh Lord, despite all my good works, before you I am nothing, nothing!" the other nods solemnly, climbs to his knees and says "riches and honors in this life are but dust before you. Oh Lord, I too am nothing, NOTHING before thee!" A janitor in the back of the synagogue observes this and his piety is stirred. He too throws himself on the floor and shouts "Lord, I am nothing, I am nothing!" The two holy men glance over at the janitor, then at each other, and one says to the other - under his breath: "well, well - look who think's he's nothing!"
Why do black people have red eyes after sexual intercourse? Because of the pepper spray.
This really nerdy guys is walking along the beach one day... This really nerdy guys is walking along the beach one day wearing his bathing suit and notices this lifegaurd surrounded by a bunch of hot chicks. Curious, he walks up to the lifegaurd and asks him what his secret is, and how he can get girls too. The lifegaurd looks him up and down and says, "It's easy man, just put a potato in your pants." The next day the nerdy guy comes back to the beach. While he's strutting his stuff he notices that all the girls are laughing at him. Aggravated, he approches the lifegaurd again and says, "Hey what the hell!? I did what you told me to and put the potato in my pants, and now all the girls are laughing at me. Is this some kind of curel joke?!" The lifegaurd responds, shaking his head and trying to hold in a chuckle, "No man, you were supposed to put the potato in the front."
What do you call a mexican without a car? CAR-LOSE
What's the Italian word for suppository? innuendo
What does a cannibal get when he comes home late to dinner? The cold shoulder.
How many does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1) How many actors does it take to change a lightbulb? 10, one to change the light buld and the other 9 to say "that should be me up there" 2) How many gays does it take to screw in a lightbulb? one but it takes a whole emergancy room to screw it back out again 3) How many English men does it take to change a lightbulb? 2, One to climb the British standard safety ladder while wearing a high vis jacket and hard hat while the other one carries out a whole risk assessmennt and cancels the operation as it is deemed unsafe. 4) How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Ve are asking ze qvestions here! 5) How many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? 250,000. One to change the lightbulb and 249,999 to debate whether it was politically correct.
In line at Heaven's Gate. A Lutheran, Muslim, and a Jew die in a car wreck together and end up in line at the Gate to Heaven together. The Lutheran walks up and Saint Peter asks his religion and then checks his books and says, "Lutherans: room 11, but be very quiet going past room 4." The Muslim walks up and Saint Peter tells him, "Muslims: room 8, but be very quiet when you pass room 4." The Jew steps up and is told to go to room 6 and to be quiet passing room 4. Curious, he asked Saint Peter why everyone has to be quiet passing room 4? Saint Peter says, "Room 4 is Catholics, they think they are the only ones here."
What about the mad cow? A man and his wife arrive from a business trip and go to his favorite steakhouse unaware of the mad cow outbreak in his town. The waiter sits them and says, "Our special today is duck or shrimp." The man replies, "I want a T-bone steak medium well." The waiter, a bit miffed continues, "What about the mad cow?" The man looks at the waiter and says, "She can order for herself."
Why did Marxism never catch on in England? Because then it'd be impossible to get proper tea.
what do you get when you squeeze a synagogue? Jooouice!
Obama has suspended fund raising activities In light of Mitt Romney's recent statements to the press, President Obama has decided to let Mitt Romney do his campaigning for him.
Think about it from the other side. Think about the hangover movies from chow's perspective...
Classic An Englishman, a Frenchman and a New Yorker are captured by cannibals. The cannibal chief says "we're going to kill you, eat you and sow your skins to make a canoe. But you get to choose how to die." The English man pulls out a revolver, yells "God save the Queen!" and shoots himself in the head. The Frenchman grabs a bunch of cyanide, shouts "Viva la France!" drinks the poison, and dies. It's now the New Yorkers turn. He pulls out a fork and, as he stabs himself all over his body, shouts "Fuck your damn canoe!"
So my friend told me... So my friend told me that onions are the only food that can make you cry. So I threw a watermelon at him.
What do you with 365 used rubbers? Turn it into a tire and call it a goodyear.
Has there ever been a bad joke about a priest? *Posted this in /r/funny, then I was informed that /r/jokes existed, so here it goes.* A monk joins an abbey ready to dedicate his life to copying ancient books by hand. After the first day though, he reports to the head priest. He's concerned that all of the monks have been copying from copies made from still more copies. "If someone makes a mistake," he points out. "It would be impossible to detect. Even worse, the error would continue to be made." A bit startled, the priest decides that he better check their latest effort against the original which is kept in a vault beneath the abbey. A place only he has access to. Two days, then three days pass without the priest resurfacing. Finally the new monk decides to see if the priest is alright. When he gets down there though, he finds the priest hunched over both a newly copied book and the ancient original text. He is sobbing and by the look of things has been sobbing for a long time. "Father?" the monk whipsers. "Oh Lord Jesus," the priest wails." "The word is 'celebrate!'"
Did you hear about the bloke who tried to kiss his girlfriend in the fog and mist.
How do you circumcise a priest? Kick a little kid in the jaw.
silly nurse! A woman gives birth, and a nurse takes the baby into an adjacent room to clean it up. She re-enters and approaches the mother, the babe wrapped up in a towel in her arms. "Congratulations," she says. "It's a baby girl." As she says this, she accidentally drops the baby, which promptly lands right on its squishy noggin. "My baby!" screams the mother. "Don't worry, I'll get it!" smiles the nurse. However, she unfortunately stumbles and places her foot right on the baby's face, before accidentally kicking it across the room. It hits the wall with a sickening crack before the nurse runs over to it, peels it off the floor and throws it out of the window. "What are you doing?!" yells the mother. "April Fools!" replies the nurse. "It was already dead!"
A large group of religious leaders of many denominations enter a bar... The bartender says, "Hey, everyone... I don't want any trouble here." A Buddhist monk answered, "Not to worry, we are all here for our 10 yearly ecumenical peace talks. This will be a happy environment." "Oh good, then what can I get all of you?" The barkeep ventured. The Rabbi ordered a glass of wine, the Priest ordered a vodka raspberry, the Imam ordered a dry sherry, the physicist ordered a rum and coke, the Third Tier Knight ordered just a cranberry juice, the Guru ordered 3 beers, the Shaman ordered a gin and tonic, the scrawny guy in pirate regalia ordered a dry martini, the Abbot ordered a tequila sunrise... Down the line of spiritual leaders it went. They all got somewhat pissed, fucked each other behind the local swimming pool, and agreed to accept that other people had different ideas and opinions. Everyone went back to focussing on celebrity dramas and not killing each other.
What do you say to a guy with kidney stones? Urine trouble.
Then God created Saturn and he liked it, so he put a ring on it.
We were learning about reincarnation and how Hindus believe in it. I called bullshit, and that pissed of the Hindu kid. We got into an argument, and then the teacher says "Guys, if Apu is right, you'll settle this in the next life. If Seth's right, then we can end this now."
What's black and married to my daughter? Nothing because I'm a good parent.
A kindergarden class is having a tasting activity. The teacher blindfolds all of the kids and tells them she is going to give them something to taste and they have to try and guess what it is. She hands each of them a cup of grape juice and they all agree that it tastes like grape. Next, she hands them a cup of whipped cream, and again, they all guess correctly. For the last one, she hands them a cup of honey and says,"ok kids, this one is little harder, so ill give you a hint. It's something your mommy sometimes calls your daddy!" They ponder the flavor in their mouth for a bit when suddenly one kid screams, "SPIT IT OUT, IT'S AN ASSHOLE!"
A Mexican,American,and Italian There's a Mexican an American and Italian.They're flying on a plane which is about to crash.Each one have to throw something out or the plane will crash.The mexican goes:"ill throw out all these tacos,there's plenty from were i come from next goes the italian and says:"ill throw out all these pizzas they're plenty from were i come from and finaly the amercian goes:ill throw out the mexican they're plenty of these were i come from
A Muslim man dies and finds himself at the gates of Heaven... The man says to St. Peter, "I'm here to see Mohammed." "He's higher up," says St. Peter. Good, thinks the man, Mohammed should be higher than St. Peter. So he goes higher up and sees Jesus. "I'm looking for Mohammed," says the man. "Higher up," says Jesus. The man is getting quite excited now, knowing Mohammed is higher than Jesus. He goes up again, and sees God sitting on his golden chair. "I'm here to see Mohammed," says the man. "Oh, he's higher up," says God. "Do you want a drink while your here?" The man is elated! Mohammed is higher up than God! But not wanting to be rude, he accepts a drink from God. "Coffee?" says God. "Yes, thanks you. "Oi, Mohammed," shouts God, "Get your ass down here! I need two coffees, now!"
I have a strong relationship with the flying spaghetti monster... ...but it's strained to say the least
A successful businessman is sitting in his office... when suddenly he hears the voice of God. "Charlie, you need to sell your business. Sell it for $1 million dollars." Charlie is astounded, "But why, I'm doing so well!" "Charlie, do as I say!" Charlie doesn't want to argue with God, so he does what he is told, and within a couple of months has sold his business for a million dollars. Charlie looks up, and says, "Now what?" A booming voice responds, "Charlie, take your million, and go to Vegas". Once again, Charlie does as he is told. Charlie gets to Vegas, and the voice booms once again, "Charlie, go to the nearest Casino, change your million dollars for chips, and find the nearest Blackjack table" Charlie does what he is told. Charlie is sitting at the table, then hears, "Charlie, bet all of your chips on one hand." Charlie is skeptical now, but does what he is told, it is God afterall. The dealer deals the hand. Charlie has 18. "Phew," he thinks "I'll stay and hope I can get away with this!" Suddenly the voice booms again, "Hit Charlie" He is shocked. "But God! I have 18, I'm sure to bust!" "HIT CHARLIE!" And so he does. It's an Ace. Charlie breathes a sigh of relief. "Hit again Charlie!" He does what he is told. Another Ace. He has 20. "That's it!" he thinks "I'm staying now!" "Hit again Charlie" he hears. "No way God, I'm on 20! I will lose a million dollars, the money from the business I spent my whole life building! I won't do it!" "Charlie, this is GOD speaking to you! Will you really defy me?! Hit!" Charlie takes a deep breath, and tells the dealer to hit. It's another Ace...Charlie has 21. Suddenly Charlie hears the booming voice, "Un-fucking believable"
What kinds of guns do T-Rex's prefer? ...mainly SMALL ARMS.
So this has been bothering for pretty much life now... does anyone know this joke?! The joke dickie starts in dickie roberts former child star... Where he says So 2 gay monkeys go to Istanbul... Please tell me it's an actual joke lol and then tell me the joke :)
What kind of pennies come from Japan? Jap-pennies
What did Tennessee? The same thing Arkansas!
Fencing in Cattle Three gentleman who excel in their respective fields are invited to compete in a competition. Competing are: a top Engineer, a shrewd Businessman, and an award-winning Mathematician. The judges, in turn ask each gentleman to fence in a herd of cattle using the shortest length of fence. The engineer goes first. He takes out a large sheet of graph paper, and maps out the outermost foot of each of the outermost cows. He then measures exactly how much fence is required to create a polygon around the herd, and erects the fence. He is particularly pleased with his job, and has used only 451.39m of fence. Next it is the businessman's turn. He takes a long length of fence, and quickly runs it around the herd with no particular care. He then uses all his strength to tighten, and tighten, and tighten until all of the cows are squished together nearly on top of one another. The cows are clearly in extreme pain, but he has completed his task, and done so using only 110m of fence. The judges are revolted by the sight, but admit that it seems the businessman has won, as the cows could not be fenced in any tighter. Nonetheless, it is only fair to give the mathematician a turn. At this point, the mathematician has wandered off solving differential equations or trying to prove P =/= NP, but eventually they find him, and explain the rules. The mathematician thinks for a few seconds, then grabs 2 meters of fence. He wraps it around himself and declares, "I'm on the outside".
META - We all believe in free speech, but anyone else think this sub's sidebar is completely unprofessional? First: I agree that /r/Jokes should not be censored. However, the presentation of this important idea in the sidebar here is groan-worthy. It sounds like it was written by a rebellious 13-year-old rather than a professional moderator who believes in the principle of free speech. Some quick highlighting: "Note: If you are offended by a joke, you have two options: You can **man up** and understand this is a subreddit dedicated to jokes, OR You can go to /r/shitredditsays and **whine like the baby you are.** Or the newly created /r/cleanjokes. **We aren't here to hold your hand, and censor you from anything offensive. If you want someone to do that, walk out of the basement and ask your mommy to install a net nanny.** These are jokes. Some of them are old, and as such reflect the tone of the times. Some of them are new, and just as offensive. **We don't care.** Unless it's spam, it stays." All of this could have been said with some eloquence and taste that would demonstrate our respect for freedom. Instead, it makes us all sounds very insecure and condescending. This language would in no way convince an outsider who wants to see some jokes banned; it instead only strokes the ego of those who already believe in these principles. I suggest we reevaluate how we present ourselves and our principles to the world.
(Very blue/dirty) What's the difference between regular blood and period blood? You can't eat normal blood with a fork.
A new priest is about to give his first sermon... and he's really nervous about it, so he goes and asks the older priest if he can help. "Well I'll tell you what," says the older priest, "I'll switch out the wine for a martini so you can calm your nerves before you start talking." "Thanks Father!" says the new priest. After the mass is over, the new priest walks over to the older priest and asks how he did. "Well... you did a good job for the most part, except for a few things... -Don't refer to Jesus and his followers as 'The late JC and the boys', -Don't call the virgin Mary 'Mary the Cherry', -The Holy Trinity is not 'Big Daddy, Junior, and The Spook', -There's a taffy-pulling contest and St. Peter's, not a Peter-pulling contest at St. Taffy's, -And the drive-through confessional is a good idea, but the sign 'toot and tell or go to hell' has to go."
The NFL replacement refs
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? 'cause he was too far out man!
A joke about the pope So one day I get lost in this forest and some how I find myself in this cave that goes down to hell. When I get to the bottom layer I see all these clocks ticking at different intervals and I ask Satan about them, "each clock has a name next to it," he said, "and whenever the clock ticks it means the person sins." So I look at each clock, I find my best friends clock, I see my parents clocks, my family's clocks, but there was one thing bugging me. "Satan," I said, "where is the Popes clock?" Satan looks at me with a friendly laugh like I just said something funny. he says, "we keep it in the kitchen as a fan."
Types of people There are 10 types of people in this world. Those who know binary, and those who don't, and those who weren't expecting a base-3 joke.
What color were Hitler's shits? Eva Brown!
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.
Two guys were out hunting. . . Two guys are out hunting and while they were walking one of them grabs his chest and falls forward Panicked the other guy calls 911 and says I think my friend is dead . . . The operator says "ok calm down first lets make sure he is dead." It goes silent on the hunters end and then you hear a gunshot. . . The guy gets on the phone and says "okay, now what?"
2000 years ago somewhere in the Middle East 'I do not care who your father is. When I am out here fishing you do not walk on the water...'
husband and wife are waiting at the bus stop.. Husband and wife are waiting at the bus stop with their nine children. A blind man joins them after a few minutes. When the bus arrives, they find it overloaded and only the wife and the nine kids are able to fit onto the bus.So the husband and the blind man decide to walk. After a while, the husband gets irritated by the ticking of the stick of the blind man as he taps it on the sidewalk, and says to him, "Why don't you put a piece of rubber at the end of your stick? That ticking sound is driving me crazy."The blind man replies, "If you had put a rubber at the end of YOUR stick, we'd be riding the bus, so shut up."
Janitor standin at the confession box Father Paul had had a rather long day, listening to confessions from the members of his parish, and suddenly needed a break, and stepped out from the confession box and asked the janitor who was washing the floor. "Hey Carl, could you make a standin for me, just ten min, I really need to go to the toilet, Sister Olga is coming there to make her confession, just tell her to say three Ave Marias and that should cover it" "Sure thing, can't be that difficult" He says and enters the confession box, as the priest hurries away to make his errands. Sister Olga enters the confessionary. "Forgive me father for I have sinned" "What sins have you commited my child?" "I gave a man a blowjob" At this the Janitor thinks, *three ave marias for a blowjob? that's getting off lightly* and sticks his head outside the confessionary, and notices one of the choirboys walking past. "hey kid psst, come here... what do you think the Padre would give for a blowjob?" "One Snickers and a Pepsi Max"
There are 10 types of people in the world... Those who understand the binary numeral system and those who don't
First Child This is an original that I've only told friends so it should be new for you guys and gals: A husband and wife arrive at a hospital for the delivery of their first child. The wife enters the delivery room with the doctor and nurses while the husband is sitting in the waiting room. About an hour goes by and the doctor comes out to speak to the husband. Doctor: "I've got some good news" Husband: "I'm the proud Father of a health baby?" Doctor: ["Actually it's a stillborn, but I've just saved a ton of money by switching to Geico"](/spoiler)
3 Trojans once tried that horse trick on a Greek city... Poor guys drowned in semen without ever being discovered.
Frisbee. I went to the park with my son and he brought his frisbee. We started throwing it around and after a while I started to wonder why frisbees get bigger as they get closer. Then it hit me...
Drunk homecoming A man stumbles up the driveway to his house at 6 in the morning, barely able to stand on his feet. He manages to reach the door but finds it locked and then proceeds to knock. knock, knock, knock.... After a while his wife comes and opens the door, in a less than a pleased mood. "What possible reason could you have for coming home at this hour!?" Slurring and struggling to form words, but managing it in the end the man replies. "Breakfast!"
My man is a sex addict a young yoman enters the Doctors office "I'm here to talk about my husbands sex addiction" Dr. "How bad is it? Isn't plenty of sex usually a good thing for a couple your age?" "It sure is, but sometimes it can be a bit too much. Like yesterday I was looking into the freezer and wondering what we should have for dinner, when he comes up to me from behind, rips off all my clothes and proceeds to fuck me really hard and rough right there and then..." "How is that so bad, that doesn't sound so out of the ordinary" says the doctor with a lewd smile on his face "well we have been banned from the supermarket for life now"
THE MAN of the Italian house Anthony had just finished reading a new book entitled, _You Can Be THE MAN of Your House._ Inspired, he stormed to his wife in the kitchen and announced, "From now on, you need to know that I am THE MAN of this house and my word is Law. You'll prepare me a gourmet meal tonight, and when I'm finished eating my meal, you'll serve me a sumptuous dessert. After dinner, we're going upstairs and we'll have the kind of sex that I want. Afterwards, you're going to draw me a bath so I can relax. You'll wash my back and towel me dry and bring me my robe. Then, you'll massage my feet and hands. Then tomorrow, guess who's going to dress me and comb my hair?" His wife replied, "The Fuckin' funeral director would be my first guess"
My doctor told me I have ADHD ... He said, ADHD is a condition that can affect children and adults that is characterized by problems ... blah, blah, blah, blah .. I did not listen to the rest.
A sailor and a Priest go golfing A sailor and a priest were playing golf. The sailor took his first shot missed and said, "Fuck, I missed." Surprised, the priest replied, "Don't use that kind of language or god will punish you." The sailor took aim and hit his shot second shot. Again he missed and under his breath the said, "I fuck'n missed again." The priest overheard and replied, "My son, please don't use that language or god will punish you." The sailor took his third shot and once again he couldn't help mutter, "Oh fuck..." The priest said, "That's it god will certainly punish you." Suddenly a bolt of lightning came down and killed the priest. In the distance a deep voice said, "FUCK, I Missed".
Your first job interview Reaching the end of a job interview, the Human Resources person asked a young applicant fresh out of business school, "And what starting salary are you looking for?" The applicant answered, "In the neighborhood of $125,000 a year, depending on the benefits package." The interviewer said, "Well, what would you say to a package of 5 weeks vacation, 14 paid holidays, full medical and dental, company matching retirement fund to 50% of salary, and a company car leased every two years ... say, a red Corvette?" The applicant sat up straight and said, "Wow! Are you kidding?" Replied the interviewer: "Yes, but you started it."
How do you fit three gay guys on a bar stool? Turn it over.
What did one passive aggressive republican say to the passive aggressive democrat? I don't know, let me go check my Facebook feed.
what did the fish say when he ran into the wall? Damn
An Indian friend of mine used to hit his wife every night at 7.30... ..on the dot.
1916 in France The germans and the french sat in their trenches. The german army suffered from great losses, so the german general had to come up with a plan. Because he couldn't find a solution for their problems he decided to ask his soldiers. Only one had an idea. 'We should find out the most common french name, shout it over no mans land and kill whoever is stupid enough to react to it.' Since it was the only idea, the german general gave the order to find the most common french name and use this information to kill as many french soldiers as possible. One of his officers discovered that the most common french name was Pierre. The germans tried this tactic and, surprisingly, many french soldiers were stupid enough to stick their head out of the trench when they heard their name. Over the next couple of weeks the french lost uncounted men to the german tactic so they decided to copy it. They assumed the most common german name must be Hans. Their first attempt to try this tactic went as followed: French soldier: 'Hans!' No reaction French soldier: 'Hey, Hans!' German soldier: 'Hans is away!' French soldier: 'Where is he?' German soldier: 'Shitting! Is that you, Pierre?' And the french soldier stuck his head out of the trench
If Apple releases a car... will it have Windows?
"Why is everyone talking about me? They seem mad..." -Temp worker at Foot Locker
I came here to kick ass and chew gum... And I've got new, longer-lasting Stride, so we'll be here for a while.
An Irishman walks out of a bar.
Three soldiers walk into a bathroom... Three soldiers walk into a bathroom: an Ultramarine, a Blood Angel, and an Imperial Guardsman. They each head to a urinal and begin to do their business. The Ultramarine finishes first, and walks over to wash his hands. Washing his hands, he uses plenty of soap and water, spends a long time scrubbing his hands, then grabs towel after towel, wastefully tossing them after a single use, ensuring his hands are dry. "In the Ultramarines, they teach us to be thorough." he says, turning to leave the bathroom. The Blood Angel finishes next, and walks over to wash his hands. He uses only one pump of soap, turning off the water while he soaps his hands, and pulls out a single towel, which he uses over every bit of his hands, until every last corner of the towel has soaked up all the moisture it can. "In the Blood Angels, they teach us to be efficient." he says, turning to leave the bathroom. The Guardsman is the last to finish, and he walks past the sink to leave. On his way out, he says, "In the 41st Imperial Guard, they teach us not to piss on our hands."
Crime on multi-story car parks, it's wrong on so many levels.
Knock knock. Who's there? Interrupting cow. Interrupting cow who? Mmm- Fuck.
So why is it called the "funny bone"? BECASE IT'S ATTACHED TO YOUR HUMERUS
What happened to the butterfly that ate too much marble? He shaterpillar.
A man gets into a fight with his wife. (Put together terribly) They live right on the coast of California, the man gets kicked out of his house by his wife so he goes for a walk along the beach. The man suddenly stops when he hears this loud booming voice. Terry(Thats his name from now on) I see you have gotten into quite the fight with your wife, its troubling to see you so distraught because you are a very loyal husband, because you have a great relationship with me i am willing to help you. Name one thing you want and i will give it to you. Terry looks around and is dumbfounded, "God?!" he asks. "Yes it is i, please what could you ever desire?" Terry thinks about it for a little bit and says, "I want a private highway to.... Japan, Italy, and Sweden." God asks Terry if he is sure about that, because that would use a lot of the worlds resources and could cause some serious problems. Terry realizes that wish would be very selfish, so he thinks for a minute and looks up to god and says "God? I know what i want". What is it Terry? Terry asks god to understand everything there is about women, so he can repair his problems with his wife.. God pauses for a minute and says to Terry "So was that highway 2 or 4 lanes?"
The Navy How does the Navy separate the men from the boys? With a crowbar.
Spelling Errors? I don't do that typo thing.
What does one strawberry say to the other? "Well, if you hadn't been so fresh last night, we wouldn't have ended up in this jam!"
A blonde walks into a library.. she goes up to the librarians desk and says, "I'll have a quarter pounder with cheese, fries, and a diet coke please." The librarian looks at her in disbelief. "Uh, honey, this is a library, and not McDonalds." The blonde is totally taken aback as she looks around and see everyone quietly reading books. She says, "Oh my gosh, I am so sorry!" *whispers* "I'll have a quarter pounder with cheese, fries, and a diet coke please." Edit: Grammar
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
late night... A drunken old man walked into a bar. He yells at the bartender, "Bartender get me a tequila!" The bartender gets him a tequila. The old man drinks it as fast as he can. Then he looks around the bar and sees three large men at a table having some beers. He points at one of them and says "You! I have slept with your mother!" The man looks at the old man then goes about drinking his beer. Then the old man yells "Bartender! Get me another tequila!" The bartender gets him another tequila. The old man drinks it as fast as he can. Then he looks over at the three men. He points at another man and shouts "You! Your mother gives me a blow job!" The second man looks at the old man, then goes about drinking his beer. Then the old man yells "Bartender! Get me another tequila!" This time the bartender says "No, old man, you have had enough." "Just one more!!" yells the old man. So the bartender gets him one more tequila. The old man drinks it as fast as he can. Then looks at the three men. He points at the third man and shouts "You! I eat out your mother!" The third man looks at the old man then looks at the other two men. All three of them get up and start walking over to the old man. Then they say "Come on dad, you have had too much to drink..."
A Chemist and a Psychologist walk into a bar.... A Chemist and a Psychologist walk into a bar. The chemist says to the bartender "I'll have one h two oh please". The psychologist, in a fleeting fit of flaunting his intelligence, said "I'll have a jack and coke, it's all my mother's fault."
A teenage girl asks her stepdad if she could go to prom. The stepdad says "the only way i'll let you go to prom is if you suck my dick, thats all you're going to be doing there anyway". The girl, frustrated and disgusted says no, then angrily texts her boyfriend that she's sorry and can't go because of what her stepdad said. Her boyfriend persuaded her into doing it because he really wanted her to go to prom. So the teenage girl gets on her knees and starts sucking and says "Ew, this tastes like shit!" and her dad said "Of course, your brother wanted to go to prom too."
A "cup of Joe" must mean something else entirely to a cannibal.
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
My boss pulled up to work today in his brand new Lincoln As he got out of the car, I said to him "wow, that's a nice car!" He notices my admiration and says "Well, you know what? If you work hard, and put in the hours, I'll have an even better one next year."
Math problems for smartypants-s What is the square route of an EMU? A RADICAL EMU!!!!!!
This joke my cousin's grandmother told me... Two old ladies were outside on a cigarette break during the rain. One lady slipped out a little plastic covering for her cigarette to keep it from getting wet. The other lady turned to her and asked her what she had. She replied "Oh this, it's just a condom and I cut off one end so I can keep my cigarette dry from the rain" The lady thought this was genius. So she went to the pharmacist that night. She asked the pharmacist, "Do you have any condoms that would properly fit a Camel?"
Mitt Romney Runs for president.
Guy can tell how any animal was killed Guy walks into a bar and says: While I am blindfolded, I can feel the pelt of any animal and tell you how it was killed. People start betting, the guy is blindfolded and given the first pelt (this bar has them for some reason). the man holds the pelt and fingers the bullet hole, then says: this is a polar bear and it was killed .30-06! He is correct! the next pelt is handed to him. He feels it and finds the bullet hole. then he says: This is a muskrat and it was killed by a .22! He is correct! Everyone cheers, beers are bought and a good time is had by all. the next morning, the man wakes up in his own bed next to his wife but he now has a black eye and a headache. He wakes his wife and asks what happened with his new shiner. she says that she gave it to him. he asks why. well, she says, last night you came home drunk, and stuck your hand down my pants. then you yelled in my ear: **SKUNK, KILLED BY AX.**
Two gay guys live together The first guy says, "Let's play hide-and-seek. I'll hide, and if you find me I'll blow you." The second guys says, "What if I can't find you?" He says, "I'll be behind the piano."
What's a vampire bat's favorite fruit? A Nectarine! What's a vampire bat's favorite dog breed? The blood hound!
Mmm piece of candy What smells like candy and tastes like fish?
Jokes I heard from a bartender. My wife said that for Christmas, she wanted something that went from 0-200 in 6 seconds; so I got her a scale. Did you hear about the 2 gay Irish men? Kevin Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzkevin. So Hillary Clinton decides to have the talk with Chelsea. She asks if Chelsea is sexually active yet to which Chelsea replies, "Not according to Dad."
How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag? You take the "S" out of "safe" and the "F" out of "way".
A guy is talking to two women in a bar... A guy starts talking to two women in a bar, they turn out to be conjoined twins and they wind up back at his apartment. He makes love to one, and then starts to work on the other. He realizes that the first one might get bored watching, so he asks her what she'd like to do. She says, "Is that a trombone in the corner? I'd love to play your trombone." So she plays it while he screws her sister. A few weeks later, the girls are walking past the guy's apartment building. One of the girls says, "Let's stop up and see that guy." The other girl says, "I don't know...do you think he'd remember us?"
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto.
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank the coffee before it was cool...
I know a clairvoyant ENT ... My neighbor's an ENT, and he can predict his patients' nasal problems before they even walk into the office. We all just call him 'Nostrildamus'. One time I asked him, "hey, how do you always know?" He told me "oh, I just read the sign-us."
The Gay Man and the Support Group A gay man decided that he needed to join a support group to deal with the loss of his boyfriend. He goes, and meets 2 widows who suggest that he does something nice with his boyfriend's ashes. One of the widows says "I took my Roger skydiving with me. It was the best thing I've ever done!" The other widow then says "Oh that's nothing. I took my husband's ashes on a cruise around the world." So the gay guy thinks about what he could do, and soon comes up with the idea to add his boyfriend's ashes to a big pot of chili. The next week he returns to the meeting, and the 2 widows ask him what he did with the ashes. He says "I put them in a big pot of chili. I figure that way he can tear my ass up one last time!"
So this young guy walks into a bar... [ nfsw? ] ... and has a seat in front of a big pot of gold. Growing confused with the large amount of gold that no one's laying a finger on, he calls the bartender over: "Hey, what's this for?" says he. "Prize for the three house challenges." replies the barkeep. He continues, "First, you got to arm wrastle McNulty over there [ *points to a muscular, grizzled Irishman posted up in the corner*]. Next, you got to fight McNulty's dog and pull his tooth. Last, you have to go pay McNulty's mother a visit upstairs. She's ninety, and she's never been satisfied by a man. Whoever can do all three can walk away with the McNulty family gold." The guy smiles. "That sounds like fun, but I'm here to relax." He continues drinking. After about a half-dozen pints, the guy gets up and yells, "I'm ready to compete for the gold!" The bar tender takes him over to McNulty's table. The two grab hands, but just before the match begins, the guy swings his leg into McNulty's nuts, then drops McNulty's limp hand to the table. The bar exploded with applause as the bartender led the guy over to a door labeled "Beware of Dog". The guy cracks his knuckles and swaggers into the room. The bartender shuts the door behind. Nothing is heard for the next half hour but a few muffled growls, a moan, one or two barks, and scratching. The guy wanders out of the room, mauled and covered in dog bites. The crowd hung still. "Alright - where's the old bat that needs her tooth pulled?"
A Muslim walks into a bar. No one survived the blast.
Two women friends had gone for a girl's night out Both were very faithful and loving wives. However, they had gotten over-enthusiastic on the Bacardi Breezers. Incredibly drunk, and walking home, they needed to pee, so they stopped in the cemetery. One of them had nothing to wipe with, so she thought she would take off her panties and use them. Her friend however was wearing a rather expensive pair of panties and did not want to ruin them. She was lucky enough to squat down next to a grave that had a wreath with a ribbon on it, so she proceeded to wipe with that. After the girls did their business, they proceeded to go home. The next day one of the women's husbands was concerned that his normally sweet and innocent wife was still in bed -- hung over, so he phoned the other husband and said, "These girl nights have got to stop! I'm starting to suspect the worst. My wife came home with no panties!!" That's nothing" said the other husband, "Mine came back with a card stuck to her butt that said..... "From all of us at the Fire Station. We'll never forget you"
A little boy is playing outside... ...with his little brother, when all of a sudden he runs into the house with blood on his finger. The mother cries out, "What happened? What's wrong!?". The little boy replied, "You know the soft spot on a babies head?"
5 jokes at once. Q: how to tell 5 jokes at once? A: One direction
So a man walks into a bar He(we will call him Tom) walks into the bar and immediately sees a man sitting at the bar, Tom walks past him and goes into the pool hall, after about 15 minutes Tom leaves and sits next to the man at the bar. Hey buddy whats up, wanna make a bet? The man(we will call him john) at the bar just looks at him, no expression. Hear me out, im willing to wager $500 dollars.. Johns expression lightened and said "ok lets hear it". I bet you i can piss into this glass from 20 feet away and not get a SINGLE drop on the floor. John pauses and thinks to himself (this guys drunk... he showed me the money, there is NO WAY im going to lose!) Deal! he says. Tom sets a glass 20 feet away, unzips his pants, and proceeds to piss on everything, even John! Nothing could wipe the smile off Johns face though, he just won $500! Tom was just standing there, still smiling and then John says "hey man you do know you just lost $500 right?". Tom starts laughing, "well you see, when i was in the pool hall i bet a group of bikers $2000 that i could come in here, piss all over you and the bar but you'd still be smiling. Have a nice day!"
$200 Bucks It Is... A guy goes over to his friend's house, rings the bell, and the wife answers. " Hi, is Tony home?" " No, he went to the store." "Well, you mind if I wait?" " No, come in." They sit down and the friend says "You know Nora, you have the greatest breasts I have ever seen. I'd give you a hundred bucks if I could just see one." Nora thinks about this for a second and figures what the hell - a hundred bucks. She opens her robe and shows one. He promptly thanks her and throws a hundred bucks on the table. They sit there a while longer and Chris says "They are so beautiful I've got to see the both of them. I'll give you another hundred bucks if I could just see the both of them together." Nora thinks about this and thinks what the hell, opens her robe, and gives Chris a nice long look. Chris thanks her, throws another hundred bucks on the table, and then says he can't wait any longer and leaves. A while later Tony arrives home and his wife says "You know, your weird friend Chris came over. " Tony thinks about this for a second and says "Well did he drop off the 200 bucks he owes me?"
Latin killed the Ancient Romans and now it's killing me... Julius Caesar walks into a bar. "I'll have a martinus," he says. The bartender gives him a puzzled look and asks "Don't you mean a martini?" "Look," Caesar retorts, "If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!"
The Wonky Donkey Long Version What do you call a donkey with one leg? A wonky donkey What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye? A winky wonky donkey What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye, while breaking wind? A stinky winky wonky donkey What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye while breaking wind, wearing blue suede shoes? A honky tonky stinky winky wonky donkey What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye while breaking wind, wearing blue suede shoes and playing piano? A plinky plonky honky tonky stinky winky wonky donkey What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye while breaking wind, wearing blue suede shoes, playing piano and driving a truck? Bloody talented!
20 Questions Little Bobby and Susie are going to play 20 questions with their Grandmother. They play with her all the time, and Grandma always wins, easily. The two of them go into the next room to try and come up with something to stump Grandma. "We have to think of something Grandma would never say, I'm sick of losing", Bobby said. "Ok, let's think about it", Susie said. After some time passes, Susie's eyes briefly light up, but then she shakes her head. "What is it?" Said Bobby excitedly. "Did you think of something?" "Yes, but we can't use it, it's dirty and we'll get in trouble" "I don't care if we get in trouble, what've you got? "Well....what about 'nigger cock?'" Susie asked shyly. "Oh man....that's perfect! Grandma would never say that in a million years! I don't care if we get in trouble, we're doing this!" So little Bobby and Susie go back into the next room with Grandma to start the game. "Ok...you all ready kids?" Grandma asked. "Yes, we're ready Grandma", Bobby said. "Ok, first question: Is it....something I can put in my mouth?" Susie giggled. "Yeah Grandma, it's something you can put in your mouth alright" "Ok", Grandma Said. " Second question.... ... ... ... is it nigger cock?"
college A lecturer teaching medicine was giving a classoom observation. He took out a jar of yellow liquid. "This," he explained, "is urine. To be a doctor, you have to be observant of color, smell, sight, and taste." After saying so, he dipped his finger into the jar and put it into his mouth. His class watched in amazement, most in disgust. But being the good students that they were, the jar was passed, and one by one, they dipped their finger into the jar and put it into their mouths. After the last student was done, the lecturer shook his head. "If any of you had been observant, you would have noticed that I put my second finger into the jar and my third finger into my mouth."
A little rabbit is running happily through the forest ... when he stumbles upon a giraffe rolling a joint. The rabbit looks at the giraffe and says, "Giraffe my friend, why do you do this? Come. Run with me through the forest! You''ll feel so much better!" The giraffe looks at him, looks at the joint, tosses it and goes off running with the rabbit. Then they come across an elephant doing coke. So the rabbit again says, "Elephant my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health. Come. Run with us through the pretty forest, you''ll see, you''ll feel so good!" The elephant looks at them, looks at his razor, mirror and coke, then tosses them and starts running with the rabbit and giraffe. The three animals then come across a lion, heating some smack on a spoon, about to shoot up. "Lion my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health! Come. Run with us through the beautiful forest and you''ll feel so good!" The lion looks at him, puts down his needle, and mauls the rabbit. The giraffe and elephant watch in horror and look at him and ask, "Lion, why did you do this? He was merely trying to help you." The lion answers, "That little bastard! He makes me run around the forest like a fucking idiot every time he's on ecstasy!"
I hate control freaks. They never listen to me.
Which medical specialty is dedicated to fingering your bum? Anusteaseology.
Son of a Bitch Fish The parish priest went on a fishing trip. On the last day of his trip he hooked a monster fish &amp; proceeded to reel it in. The guide, holding a net, yelled, "Look at the size of that Son of a Bitch!" "Son, I'm a priest. Your language is uncalled for!" "No, Father, that's what kind of fish it is - a Son of a Bitch fish!" "Really? Well then, help me land this Son of a Bitch!" Once in the boat, they marveled at the size of the monster. "Father, that's the biggest Son of a Bitch I've ever seen" "Yes, it is a big Son of a Bitch. What should I do with it?" "Why, eat it! Of course. You've never tasted anything as good as Son of a Bitch!" Elated, the priest headed home to the rectory. While unloading his gear &amp; his prize catch, Sister Mary inquired about his trip. "Take a look at this big Son of a Bitch I caught!" Sister Mary gasped &amp; clutched her rosary, "Father!" "It's OK, Sister. That's what kind of fish it is, a Son of a Bitch fish!" "Oh, well then, what are you going to do with that big Son of a Bitch?" Sister Mary informed the priest that the new Bishop was scheduled to visit in a few days and that they should fix the Son of a Bitch for his dinner. "I'll even clean the Son of a Bitch", she said. As she was cleaning the huge fish, the Friar walked in. "What are you doing Sister?" "Father wants me to clean this big Son of a Bitch for the new Bishop's Dinner" Sister! I'll clean it if you're so upset! Please watch your language!" "No, no, no, it's called a Son of a Bitch fish." "Really? Well, in that case, I'll fix up a great meal to go with it, and that Son of a Bitch can be the main course! Let me know when you've finished cleaning the Son of a Bitch." On the night of the new Bishop's visit, everything was perfect. The Friar had prepared an excellent meal. The wine was fine, and the fish was excellent. The new Bishop said, "This is great fish, where did you get it?" "I caught that Son of a Bitch!" proclaimed the proud priest. "And I cleaned the Son of a Bitch!" exclaimed the Sister. The Friar added, "And I prepared the Son of a Bitch, using a special recipe!" The new Bishop looked around at each of them. A big smile crept across his face as he said, "Well I sure as hell liked eating the son of a bitch, and well heck, You fuckers are my kind of people!"
A young girl is living with her aunt... One night the girl is on her way out to go dancing. The aunt notices that her niece isn't wearing a bra, and her shirt is quite translucent. So the aunt stops her before she leaves the house and demands where she is going dressed like that. "Oh Aunty," the girl replies, "I'm just letting my rosebuds show" The next day, the girl is about to leave the apartment and she notices her aunt wearing no bra and a translucent shirt. "Auntie! What are you doing?" the girl asks. To this the aunt replies, "I'm just showing off my hanging baskets"
birthday Did you hear about the fellow that was talking to his buddy, when he said, "I don't know what to get my wife for her birthday. She has everything, and besides, she can afford to buy anything she wants. So, I'm stumped." His buddy said, "I have an idea. Why don't you make up a certificate that says she can have two hours of great sex, any way she wants it. She'll probably be thrilled!" So the first fella did just that. The next day his buddy asked, "Well, did you take my suggestion? How did it turn out?" "She loved it. She jumped up, thanked me, kissed me on the mouth, and ran out the door yelling, 'I'll see you in two hours'."
A businessman was getting ready to go on a long business trip. He knew his wife was a flirtatious sort with an extremely healthy sex drive, so he thought he'd buy her a little something to keep her occupied while he was gone. He went to a store that sold sex toys and started to look around. He thought about a life-sized sex doll, but that was too close to another man for him. He was browsing through the dildo's, looking for something special to please his wife, and started talking to the old man behind the counter. He explained his situation. "Well, I don't really know of anything that will do the trick. We have vibrating dildos, special attachments, and so on, but I don't know of thing that will keep her occupied for weeks, except..." and he stopped. "Except what?" the man asked. "Nothing, nothing." "C'mon, tell me! I need something!" "Well, sir, I don't usually mention this, but there is The Voodoo penis." "So what's up with this Voodoo Penis?" he asked. The old man reached under the counter, and pulled out a very old wooden box, carved with strange symbols and erotic images. He opened it, and there lay an ordinary-looking dildo. The businessman laughed, and said "Big damn deal. It looks like every other dildo in this shop!" The old man replied, "But you haven't seen what it'll do yet." He pointed to a door and said "Voodoo Penis, the door." The Voodoo Penis miraculously rose out of its box, darted over to the door, and started pounding the keyhole. The whole door shook wildly with the vibrations, so much so that a crack began to form down the middle. Before the door split, the old man said "Voodoo Penis, return to box!" The Voodoo Penis stopped, levitated back to the box and lay there quiescent once more. "I'll take it!" said the businessman. The old man resisted, saying it wasn't for sale, but finally surrendered to $738 in cash and an imitation Rolex. The guy took it home to his wife, told her it was a special dildo and that to use it, all she had to do was say "Voodoo Penis, my crotch." He left for his trip satisfied that things would be fine while he was gone. After he'd been gone a few days, his wife was unbearably horny. She thought of several people who would willingly satisfy her, but then she remembered the Voodoo Penis. She undressed, opened the box and said, "Voodoo Penis, my crotch!" The Voodoo Penis shot to her crotch and started pumping. It was absolutely incredible, like nothing she'd ever experienced before. After three mind-shattering orgasms, she became very exhausted and decided she'd had enough. She tried to pull it out, but it was stuck in her, still thrusting. She tried and tried to get it out, but nothing worked. Her husband had forgotten to tell her how to shut it off. Worried, she decided to go to the hospital to see if they could help. She put her clothes on, got in the car and started to drive, quivering with every thrust of the dildo. On the way, another incredible intense orgasm made her swerve all over the road. A police officer saw this and immediately pulled her over. He asked for her license, and then asked how much she'd had to drink. Gasping and twitching, she explained, "I haven't had anything to drink, officer. You see, I've got this Voodoo Penis thing stuck in my crotch and it won't stop screwing me!" The officer looked at her for a second, shook his head and in an arrogant voice replied, "Yeah, right... Voodoo Penis, my ass!"
A man and a boy walked into a barbershop together. After the man got his haircut, he sat the boy in the barber's chair and said, "I'm just going to run around the corner to grab a paper." When the boy's haircut was donw, the man still hadn't returned. The barber said, "It looks like your dad's forgotten about you." "Oh, that wasn't my dad," the boy said, "He just walked up to me on the street, took my hand and said, "Come on, we're going to get a free haircut.""
Taking the kids out A husband and wife were discussing what to do with their two kids on the weekend. "They want to go to the zoo and the amusement park" said the wife. "That's too expensive" said the husband. "It'll have to be one or the other." "Well, which do you think?" "Probably Mikey."
What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly a dick in your ass
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "why the long face?" To which the horse replies "I have testicular cancer".
Here's a good joke... SWAG
What is the name of the Asian pointing out everyones mistakes? Xu wong
You guys like Little Johnny jokes? Here's an oldie but a goodie. Little Johnny's class was learning the alphabet at school. The teacher decided it was time for a skill-check. "Who can tell me a word that begins with the letter A?" Lots of hands go up, but Little Johnny has his up first. *If I call on Johnny,* the teacher thinks, *he'll just say asshole.* "Suzy?" "Apple!" "Excellent, Suzy! Now," she continues, "Who knows a word that starts with B?" Again, lots of hands, but Johnny is quickest, and he's really excited about his word. *Johnny's word is 'bitch', I just know it,* thinks the teacher. "Billy?" "Bacon!" "Terrific Billy," says the teacher, making a note to ask Billy's parents if he's been spending too much time on Reddit. Down the alphabet she goes, and with every letter she asks, Johnny's hand shoots up, and he's getting more and more anxious to be called on. For every letter, the teacher can think of something that little Johnny would say. Finally, she gets to the letter R. She can't think of anything naughty that Johnny might say. By now Johnny is beside himself, raising his hand, making little "Me, Me!" noises. "Alright Johnny," she says, "Go ahead. What's your word that starts with R?" "A Rat!" Johnny replies, holding his hands out, "A big fuckin' rat with a dick this fuckin' long!"
What's the best way to milk a sheep? Ask Apple.
Why was no at the Premature Ejaculaters' support group when I arrived? I came early.
I'm not saying she's a slut but she's had more people inside her than the statue of liberty!
A young couple, just married, were in their honeymoon suite on their wedding night. As they were undressing for bed, the husband, who was a big burly man, tossed his trousers to his bride and said, "Here, put these on". She put them on and the waist was twice the size of her body. "I can't wear your trousers" she said. "That's right..." said the husband, "...and don't you ever forget it. "I'm the man who wears the trousers in this family". With that she flipped him her knickers and said "try these on". He tried them on and found he could only get them as far as his knees. "Hell...", he said "I can't get into your knickers!" She replied "That's right, and that's the way its going to stay until your f**king attitude changes"
A guy is walking down the street and passes a hardware store... ...advertising a sale on a chain saw that is capable of cutting seven hundred trees is seven hours. The guy thinks this is a great deal and decides to buy one. The next day, he comes back with the saw and complains to the salesman that the thing didn't even come close to cutting down the seven hundred trees the ad said it would. "Well," said the salesman, "let's test it out back." Finding a log, the salesman pulls the starter cord and the saw makes a great roaring sound. "What's that noise?" asks the guy.
A man decides to show his love for his girlfriend... ... by getting her name (Wendy) tattooed on his penis. Unfortunately, when the penis isn't erect, you can only see the letters "W" and "Y". A few weeks later, the man and his girlfriend go on a trip to the Caribbean. After the plane lands, and they arrive safely at the gate, he tells his SO that he needs to use the restroom. Upon arriving at the restroom, a Jamaican man walks up to use the urinal next to him. The man accidentally glanced over and saw the letters "W" and "Y" also happened to be tattooed on the Jamaican man's penis. The man asked, "Oh, is your girlfriend's name Wendy too?" The Jamaican man responded, "No, my tattoo says 'Welcome to Jamaica, have a nice day'."
So these two blondes walk into a building.. You would have thought one of them would have seen it.
Why did the chicken cross the road I parked across from the grocery store.
whilst shagging my missus last night..... Whilst shagging my wife last night, I huffed, rolled off and said, "It's like fucking an inflatable sex doll." She looked at me completely shocked. "You're not helping yourself here." I said.
How did Mitt Romney get a 14% tax rate? He claimed 47% of America as dependents.
Good Enough After the funeral of her late husband, the widow took the urn of his cremated ashes home. She got out of her car, holding the urn, and said, "Frank... I always wanted a nice convertible, but you got me an economy sedan and said 'Good enough.'" Then she turned to her house. "I told you I wanted a nice beachfront condo... but you bought this fixer-upper colonial and said 'Good enough.'" She went upstairs to their bedroom. "I told you we needed a mechanical bed for our aching joints and restless legs... you bought this full-size mattress and box spring, and told me "good enough'. You told me you've always wanted me to give you a blowjob." She dumped the contents of the urn onto the bed, took a deep breath, and blew them across the sheets. "Good enough."
How do you make apple jelly? google maps.
Good puns. Hooks. Help. Im trying to find good puns. Basically saying something to another person that is a little obscure to get his attention then a shitty pun to follow. One I use is the kid born with out eye lids. The doctor had to use foreskin, it was a success except he is a little cock eyed. Another not so pun but is still the type I am looking for. I used to work with a guy he was born with out a mouth! What?! How? I never found out he didn't like to talk about it. Simple quick stupid jokes that break up the day a little.
My girlfriend left a note on the fridge: "It's not working. I can't take it anymore. I am going to my mom's place." I opened the fridge. The light came on. The beer was cold... What the hell is she talking about?
Why do businesses move to India? Because they worship prophets!
Why are men smarter during sex? Because they are plugged into a fucking know-it-all.
Why did OJ Simpson want to move to Alabama? Everyone has the same DNA.
A man tried to find a restaurant using Apple Maps
New Flash Tragedy struck the CIA during Take Your Child To Work Day when the parents of 150 inquisitive children had to follow through on the warning, "I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."
Why did the mouse whisper into the elephant's ear? The giraffe put him up to it.
For Halloween this year, I'm gonna be a dish. Because bitches do dishes.
A guy walks into a bar with a dog under his arm... ...he announces to everyone in the bar that his dog can talk and he will make a $1000 bet with anyone who doesn't believe him. The bartender saw this as a great opportunity so he took the man up on the wager. The man looks at the dog and says, "What is the top of a house called?" The dog said, "Roof." Quite annoyed the bartender vented his grief in defeat. "Well, how bout a different word, double or nothing?" the man said. The bartender begrudgingly accepted as the man asked, "Who was the greatest baseball player ever?" In a muffled response the dog said, "Ruth." Furious, the bartender grabbed the man and the dog and threw them out the bar. As they landed on the sidewalk, the dog looked at the man with a puzzled look. "DiMaggio?"
You know what's grosser than gross? Running through a field of dead babies and getting your toe stuck in an eye socket.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? "It's going to take me a while to get hard, I just got laid by this chick"
An elderly senator is sitting in a chair quietly when he is supposed to be giving a speech... His friend walks up to him and asks him, "Senator, why are you so quiet today?" The senator whispers to him "I accidentally left my teeth at home, can you go fetch them for me?" His friend agrees and gets his teeth. Once the senator got his teeth, he started his speech. normally, he would go on for no more than half an hour, but this time, he was babbling on and on for over 1 hour and 45 minutes! Once the senator finished, his friend went up to him and asked him "senator, why did you talk for such a long time? You are usually very brief." The senator replies "It's your fault, you gave me my wife's teeth!"
With Parkinsons... Every weight is shake weight!
This guy is stuck on a desert island After being there for a while, he begins to get lonely and starts to think about his girlfriend back home. The only other animal on this island is a goat. A very sexy goat, mind you. Anyway, as time passes he begins to think more and more about fucking this goat. Eventually, one day he decides, alright, I'm going to fuck this goat. But fucking a goat is not that easy. He tries to get near the goat, but it just runs away. Every time he gets close, the goat just takes off. Finally, he corners the goat at the edge of a cliff. The goat knows, he's fucked. But just then, he sees a woman floating in the surf. He swims out to rescue her and brings her ashore. She's so grateful that she tells the man she'll do anything he wants. "Anything?" says the man. "Anything." says the woman and winks. "Alright! Can you hold this goat for me?"
This penguin is driving around when his car breaks down. He brings it to the local mechanic, a walrus. The walrus says it'll be a while, so he might as well get something to eat. The penguin decides to get some ice cream, because penguins love ice cream. But penguins are also very messy eaters. He gets this ice cream all over his face. After two or three cones, he goes back to the walrus to check on his car. "how's it looking" asks the penguin. "It looks like you blew a seal." says the walrus. "What! No man, it's just some ice cream."
what do you call gay paramedics? First-AIDS
A bear and a rabbit are at the forest bathroom They're both sitting there enjoying an early morning bowel movement and the forest paper. The bear looks up at the rabbit and says "Do you ever have a problem with crap sticking to your fur?" The rabbit smiles and says "Why no! Why do you ask?" And the bear grabs him and rather savagely wipes himself.
I was wondering... since there are great white sharks, how come there aren't any great black sharks? Then i realized even if there were, they probably couldn't swim...
My pet mouse "Elvis" has died :( He was caught in a trap.......
A koala bear is smoking a joint... A koala was sitting in a gum tree smoking a joint, When a little lizard walked past, looked up and said, 'Hey Koala! What are you doing?' The koala said, 'Smoking a joint, come up and have some.' So the little lizard climbed up and sat next to the koala where they enjoyed a few joints. After a while the little lizard said that his mouth was 'dry' and that he was going to get a drink from the river. The little lizard was so stoned that he leaned over too far and fell into the river. A crocodile saw this and swam over to the little lizard and helped him to the side. Then he asked the little lizard, 'What's the matter with you?' The little lizard explained to the crocodile that he had been sitting with the koala in the tree, smoking a joint, but got too stoned and fell into the river while taking a drink... The crocodile said that he had to check this out and walked into the rain forest, found the tree where the koala was sitting finishing a joint. The crocodile looked up and said, 'Hey you!' So the koala looked down at him and said, 'Shiiiiiiiiiiit dude... How much water did you drink!?'
Did you know that there is an elephant at Bush Gardens? That's what I call my crotch.
Getting an Arts Degree... ...
Magic Apples A guy walks into a bar. The bartender asks "What would you like", the guy says "oh. Just a rum and coke". The bartender hands the guy and apple. The guy says "Uhhh. I ordered a rum and coke". The bartender replies "just try the apple man". The guy tastes the apple and says "mmmm. It tastes like rum". The bartender says "turn it around". The guy takes a bite of the other side of the apple "mmmm. It tastes like coke". Another guy walks into a bar, the bartender asks what he wants. The second guess says "hmmm. Just get me a gen and tonic". The bartender hands him an apple. The second guy looks at the bartender funny, and the first guy says "Trust me dude, try the apple". The second guy takes a bite out of the Apple. The second guy replies "mmmm. It tastes like gen". Bartender says "turn it around". To which the second guy replies "mmmm. It tastes like tonic. This is my favorite way to get drunk now". Both guys continue to eat their apple. A third guy walks into the bar, and the bartender asks what they want. The third guy replies "One second. I haven't decided". The first guy says "any taste you want, this bartender has an apple for it." The third guy asks the bartender "do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?" The bartender says "let me go get one". Then he comes back with an apple and hands it to the guy. The third guy takes a bite and says "ughhh. This tastes like ass". To which through bartender replied "turn it around"
I found out someone's been impersonating me... Well two can play at that game.
Three Badass Mice walk into a bar. Three mice walk into a bar. The first mouse takes a swig of his beer and says, "I am a badass mouse. In my neighborhood, we have these big mousetraps. I'm so tough that I walk up to them, grab the cheese, catch the bar and press it up and down with one arm while I eat the cheese. I'm a badass mouse." The second mouse takes a couple swigs of his beer and says, "That's nothin'. In my neighborhood we have that rat-poison stuff. I grab it, throw it in my water and gargle it. It ain't nothin'. I'm a badass mouse." The third mouse slams his beer, gets up, and starts walking away. The other two ask, "Where are you going?" The third mouse looks at them and says, "I'm going home to screw the cat."
Daddy, is god a Man or a Woman? Father: God is both. Boy: Is God Black or White? Father: God is both. Boy: Daddy, is Michael Jackson God? *Note* I know this joke is outdated, but a very close friend told it to me a couple years ago and as she recently passed away, I'm posting it here so people can know she was awesome.
Jenga Towers At Highschool we have a test every week and my teacher lets the person with the highest score bring in their favourite board game. For years, my favourite game has been Jenga, the falling towers game. So on friday the 8th in the first week of September I finally get the highest score and the teacher tells me I can bring in a board game on monday. mfw I walk into class on 9/11 with Jenga and I'm a muslim...
Hey, are you Jewish? Cause you Israeli hot. My go-to joke at parties.
So I've been dating this anorexic girl... ...but lately I've been seeing less and less of her.
A bus of ugly people crashes ... A bus carrying only ugly people crashes into an oncoming truck, and everyone inside dies. They then get to meet their maker, and because of the grief they have experienced; He decides to grant them one wish each, before they enter Paradise. They're all lined up, and God asks the first one what the wish is. "I want to be gorgeous," and so God snaps His fingers, and it is done. The second one in line hears this and says "I want to be gorgeous too." Another snap of His fingers and the wish is granted. This goes on for a while but when God is halfway down the line, the last guy in line starts laughing. When there are only ten people left, this guy is rolling on the floor, laughing. Finally, God reaches this guy and asks him what his wish will be. The guy calms down and says: " Make 'em all ugly again."
My Favorite Golf Joke A guys is working on his game by hitting golf balls into a net in his backyard. It's a pretty hot day and his wife comes out to bring him some lemonade. Just as she approaches from the side he takes a swing and shanks it. The ball zoom right towards his wife, goes into her mouth and she drops to the ground. The man takes his wife to the emergency room and is waiting for news from the doctor. Finally after some time the doctor comes to give him an update: The doctor say, "Good new sir we were able to find the golf ball in your wife's stomach and remove it successfully....However, we do have one question. Why is it that we found another ball in her vagina?" The man replies, "Well doc, that was my mulligan".
A farmer and his wife are sitting on the front porch... The farmer looks over at his wife's breasts and says "If I could get milk out of those, I could get rid of the cows" The wife takes offense, but lets it slide this time. After a few minutes the farmer looks down at his wife's crotch. "If I could get eggs from that I'd get rid of the chickens," the farmer says. At this time the wife has had enough. She graps ahold of his crotch and calmly says, "If I could get off on this, I'd get rid of your brother."
Hugh Hefner Today, famous playboy Hugh Hefner successfully managed to stop an order of monks from operating a business on his property. The police forced the friars to close down their stall, which was outside the Playboy Mansion, where they had been selling flowers. Said one friar, "Well if it was anyone else we could've gotten away with it, but unfortunately only Hugh can prevent florist friars.
What kind of shoes do they wear in Holland? Wooden shoe like me to tell you. [Props to my 8-year-old daughter for this one]
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone but you.
Donner Party I can just imagine those poor people all sitting around, starving. Nobody wants to be the guy to take the 1st bite. I mean, you'd have to be heartless. I'm tellin' you, the guy who did it must've been seriously cold.
The elephant fight The biggest and baddest elephant in Africa had after shagging the nearest elephant lady, somehow contracted fleas and found them highly annoying. After rubbing his huge bulk against trees, and scratching with his trunk all the places he could reach, he asked for advice from an old monkey on how to get rid of the fleas. "Just go to the nearest mudhole and take a good mud bath, that should solve the problem" He went straight to the nearest mudhole, jumped into the mud and trashed around in it like tehre was no tomorrow, squishing, drowning and throwing off fleas all over the place. As he walked out off the mud he heard a tiny voice from below yelling. "Go for the neck JOHN! Kill that fat bastard and revenge us!"
I have trained a cup full of meal-worms to give me sexual pleasure... ...I'm a master baiter
A Lawyer in the Family For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief vacations at this country inn. The last time he'd finally managed an affair with the innkeeper's daughter. Looking forward to an exciting few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped short. There sat his lover with an infant on her lap! "Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?" he cried. "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married, and the baby would have my name!" "Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition, we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and decided it would be better to have a ------- in the family than a lawyer."
Necrophilia joke How can you tell a mortician is a necrophiliac? He's always HARD at work.
Male stripper The other day, my friends and I went to a Ladies Night Club. One of the girls wanted to impress the rest of us, so she pulled out a $10 bill. When the male dancer came over to us, my friend licked the $10 bill and stuck it to his butt cheek! Not to be outdone, another friend pulls out a $20 bill. She calls the guy back over, licks the $20 bill, and sticks it to his other butt cheek. In another attempt to impress the rest of us, my third friend pulls out a $50 bill and calls the guy over, and licks the bill. I'm worried about the way things are going, but fortunately she just stuck it to one of his butt cheeks, again. My relief was short lived. Seeing the way things are going, the guy gyrates over to me! Now everyone's attention is focused on me, and the guy's egging me on to try to top the $50. My brain was churning as I reached for my wallet. What could I do? Then the marketer in me took over! I got out my ATM card, swiped it down the crack of his ass, grabbed the 80 bucks, and went home. . .
A man is sitting in a bar just looking at his drink for half an hour Then this really big truck driver looking guy steps next to him and takes the drink from the guy and just drinks it all down. The poor man starts crying. The truck driver says, "Come on man, I was just joking. Here, I'll buy you another drink. I just can't stand to see a man cry." "No, it's not that. This day is the worst of my life. First, I fall asleep, and I go late to my office. My boss, outrageous, fires me. When I leave the building, to my car, I found out it was stolen. The police said that they can do nothing. I get a cab to return home, and when I leave it, I remember I left my wallet and credit cards there. The cab driver just drives away." "I go home, and when I get there, I find my wife in bed with the gardener. I leave home, and come to this bar. And just when I was thinking about putting an end to my life you show up and drink my poison."
Monkeys and Bananas Start with a cage containing five monkeys. Inside the cage, hang a banana on a string and place a set of stairs under it. Before long, a monkey will go to the stairs and start to climb towards the banana. As soon as he touches the stairs, spray all of the other monkeys with cold water. After a while, another monkey makes an attempt with the same result - all the other monkeys are sprayed with cold water. Pretty soon, when another monkey tries to climb the stairs, the other monkeys will try to prevent it. Now, put away the cold water. Remove one monkey from the cage and replace it with a new one. The new monkey sees the banana and wants to climb the stairs. To his surprise and horror, all of the other monkeys attack him. After another attempt and attack, he knows that if he tries to climb the stairs, he will be assaulted. Next, remove another of the original five monkeys and replace it with a new one. The newcomer goes to the stairs and is attacked. The previous newcomer takes part in the punishment with enthusiasm! Likewise, replace a third original monkey with a new one, then a fourth, then the fifth. Every time the newest monkey takes to the stairs, he is attacked. Most of the monkeys that are beating him have no idea why they were not permitted to climb the stairs or why they are participating in the beating of the newest monkey. After replacing all the original monkeys, none of the remaining monkeys have ever been sprayed with cold water. Nevertheless, no monkey ever again approaches the stairs to try for the banana. Why not? Because as far as they know that's the way it's always been done round here. And that, my friends, is how company policies are made.
The problem with Chris Brown jokes is . . . He always beats you to the punch.
A guy with a wooden eyeball is self conscious... ...so he asks the homeliest girl at the ball if she would like to dance. She looks him straight in the face and says "would I?!"
A Tourist Visits a Bar on the Roof of the Empire State Building.... ...he comments on how neat the place is with its NY memorabilia all over the walls. A drunk at the bar says, " Yeah, the best is that window over there, if you jump out, you'll stop falling at the 55th floor and float right back up and in the window!" The tourist is incredulous so the drunk shows him and jumps out. A moment later he floats back into the window. The tourist is amazed and has to try this cool trick so he jumps out, falls past the 55th floor and explodes on the sidewalk below. The bartender appears and says to the drunk, " You know, you're a real asshole when you drink Superman!"
A Higgs Boson particle walks into a church The preacher says "We don't allow Higgs Boson particles in here!" The Higgs Boson particle says "If you don't allow Higgs Boson particles in here, how do you have mass?"
Gambling with Blondes There was a blonde who was sitting next to a lawyer on an airplane. The lawyer was naturally bored, so he kept bugging the blonde to play a game of intelligence with him. The blonde was reluctant, so the lawyer offered her 10 to 1 odds. He told her that every time she could not answer his question, she owed him $5, but every time he could not answer hers, he'd give her $50. The lawyer figured the blonde was so dumb, he could not lose, and the blonde thought for a few minutes and reluctantly accepted to play the game. The lawyer fires his first question "What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?" Without saying a word the blonde handed him $5. The blonde then asked the lawyer "What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?" The lawyer's face looked extremely puzzled. He spent several minutes looking up everything he could on his laptop and then even placed numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to figure out the answer. Finally, the angry and frustrated lawyer handed the blonde $50.00. The blonde put the $50 into her purse quickly without saying a word. The lawyer was outraged at this point and asked, "Well, what is answer?" The blonde glanced at him with a smile on her face and handed him a $5 bill.
You really shouldn't make fun of a fat girl with a lisp. I'm sure she's thick and tired of it.
A quadruple amputee goes to the beach... A quadruple amputee goes to the beach. A man walks by her and she calls him over. The man asks if he can help her. She says because of her disability, she is not involved in much sexual activity and asks if she can give him a blow job. The man says sure and proceeds to get a blow job. After she is done with him another man walks by. She calls him and tells him because of her disability she was never eaten out before. The man says i can help you with that and eats her out. After that guy leaves, another man walks by. She calls him and tells him because of her disability she was never fucked before. The man says sure, i can help you with that. He picks her up and throws her in the ocean and then says "There, now you're fucked."
Why can't two Asians make their own Caucasian babes? Because two wongs don't make a white!
What Do You Get From A Pampered Cow? Spoiled milk.
what do elephants use as a tampons? Sheep.
Did you hear about the cannibal that ate undercooked food? He threw his arms up in disgust.
Mercedes A beautiful woman is drinking alone at a bar. After a few drinks and a nice buzz she starts yelling that today is her birthday and her no good husband forgot all about it. After a little while a brand new Mercedes pulls up in front of the bar. The woman loves cars, and especially loves that Mercedes, so she proceeds to stare at the entrance hoping the man who owns it will come in. Finally a full ten minutes later a man comes into the bar. He looks around and sees the beautiful woman staring at him, he smiles and walks over to her and says. "Do you see that Mercedes out front? I..." but before he could get any further the woman says. "I will fuck you right now if you let me drive that car." The man is obviously shocked but thinks about it, smiles and says, "Okay but it has to be right now." So the woman immediately takes the man into the bathroom and has furious sex with him. They come out of the bathroom smiling, then she sees her husband. She only continues to smile and says "well if you remembered it was my birthday none of this would've happened." The man walks up to the husband hands him a $20 dollar bill and says he can't accept this, throws the keys to the woman and says happy birthday from your loving husband.
I've got a bad joke for you. It went to jail for the things it did...
3 guys go to heaven... 3 men go to Heaven. They are greeted by Saint Peter at the pearly gates. Saint Peter says to the 3 men, "Welcome to Heaven. There is only 1 rule in Heaven. Do not step on the ducks. God loves his ducks more than anything else, and you will be punished if you step on a duck." Saint Peter opens the gates, and lets the 3 men in. When they enter, they immediately notice that ducks are everywhere. They would have to be very careful not to step on the ducks. A few days go by. One of the men accidentally steps on a duck. All of a sudden an angel appears and handcuffs the ugliest looking woman he has ever seen to him. The angel leaves. A few weeks go by, and one of the other men steps on a duck. Again, an angel appears and handcuffs an extremely ugly woman to him. The third man is very careful to never step on a duck. 3 years go by, and he never steps on a duck. One day an angel appears and handcuffs the most attractive, beautiful woman the man has ever seen to him. Before the man can question it, the angel disappears. The man looks over at the woman and says, "I don't know what I did, but it must have been something good." The woman replies, "I don't know about you, but I just stepped on a duck." . . Sorry if this joke is really old. It is one my grandfather used to tell me this joke all the time. Just passing it along.
What did the Mexican say when two houses fell on him? Get off me homes!
Dr Dolittle A little bird tells me that i may be suffering from Dr Dolittle syndrome.
The one armed man I saw my mate Fred this morning, he's only got one arm, bless him. I said, "Where are you off to Fred?" He said "I'm off to change a light bulb." I laughed and said "That's going to be a bit awkward isn't it?" "Not really" he said "I've still got the receipt, you spiteful cunt"
local parish The head priest at a certain church was out for the day, so he asked the deacon to do confession for him. The deacon agrees, and the first person that comes says, "Forgive me, for I just gave a guy a blow job." He says, "You have sinned." Then he looks at the sheet on the wall that had punishments for certain sins on it, but blow job was not on there, so he went out to ask one of the altar boys what he usually gives for a blow job. The altar boy answered, "Oh, about five dollars."
I recall my first time with a condom... I must have been 16.I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it.She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, "No, this is my first time."So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty."Just a minute." she said, and walked to the door, and locked it.Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside."Do these excite you?" she asked.Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was shake my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on.As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her knickers and sat down at a desk."Well, come on," she said, "we don't have much time."So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and KAPOW. I was done within a few minutes.She looked at me with a bit of a frown, "Did you put that condom on?" she asked.I said, "I sure did." and held up my thumb to show her.She fainted.
I don't make jokes I just watch the government and report the facts.
What's the worlds strongest animal? A 'buff'alo
A teenager boy went to pharmacy to buy a condom... (...) and there the pharmacist is very eager to help, showing him different types of condoms and sizes. After choosing one the boy was on his way to the cashier and remembered something. He went back to the pharmacist and said: "You know what, I'm going to my girlfriend's house today to meet her parents and it's a sure thing to happen, you know.. sex. But I heard her older sister is in town visiting, and for what I heard she's a slut. So give me another package of condoms, just in case." The pharmacist delivers and as the young boy heads towards the cashier he turns again: "Well, I should probably get another one, I heard her mom likes some action too, if you know what I mean." Later that evening he was a little quiet and his girlfriend, a little worried: "Honey, you look so quiet, that's not you. I didn't know you were that shy" And the boy replied: "And I didn't know your father was a pharmacist."
What is worse than three babies in three containers? NSFW One baby in three containers.
A man walks into a bar... and sees two attractive women across the room. So he goes up to the bartender and says he'd like to buy both of them a drink. "Don't waste your time", the bartender says, "they're lesbians." "Just do it anyway," the man replies. So the bartender gets the two ladies a drink, and after a few minutes one of them walks over to the man. "Thanks for the drink, I really appreciate it. Do you wanna... grab my tits in return?" "Sure thing!" So he grabs her tits, gives em a good shaking, and she goes back to her seat. He then tells the bartender to buy them a second drink. "I'm telling you man, you don't have a chance. They aren't interested," the bartender says. "Come on man just make the drinks, I've got a feeling about them." So the bartender brings the second round over, and after a few minutes, the other girl comes over to the man. "Wow another drink! You're so nice. You can feel my ass if you want." He then proceeds to grab her ass with both hands, really getting a good feel before she goes back to her friend. Swelling with confidence, he asks the bartender to send them a third drink. Knowing it is pointless to deter him at this point, he simply asks, "you sure about this?" "I've got em right where I want em." After they receive the drinks, the first woman comes back over to the man. She says, "Hmm...after 3 drinks, I guess I could let you smell my girlfriend's pussy." Ecstatic, the man eagerly accepts. So she breathes in his face.
What's the difference between a pussy and a cunt? A pussy makes your cock feel nice and makes you cum, a cunt is who owns the pussy.
As soon as they had finished making love, Susie jumped up from the bed and started packing her suitcase "What on earth are you doing?" asked her puzzled husband. "In Las Vegas I could get two hundred dollars for what I just gave you for free," she pointed out, "so I'm moving to Las Vegas." This was enough to provoke her husband to jump up and begin packing *his* bags. "What are you up to?" asked Susie in surprise. "I'm following you to Las Vegas," he replied. "I've *got* to see you live off six hundred dollars a year."
What do you call a bus full of lawyers driving off a cliff? [A Good Start.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obKLdou0LH0)
Where did the Gingerbread man lose his leg? He lost it back in the 'Nom War
An amateur golfer playing in his first tournament was delighted when a beautiful girl came up to him after the round and suggested he come over for a while. The fellow was a bit embarrassed to explain that he really couldn't stay all night but that he'd be glad to come over for a while. Twenty minutes later they were in he bed making love. When it was over, he got out of bed and started getting dressed. "Hey," called the girl from beneath the covers, "where do you think you're going? Arnold Palmer wouldn't leave so early." At that he the golfer stripped off his clothes and jumped on top of her. After they'd made love a second time, he got out of bed and put his pants back on. "What are you up to?" she called. "Jack Nicklaus wouldn't think of leaving now." So the golfer pulled off his pants and screwed her a third time, and afterward he started to get dressed. "C'mon, you can't leave yet," protested the girl. "Tiger Woods wouldn't call it a day." "Lady, would you tell me one thing?" asked the golfer, looking at her very seriously. "What's par for this hole?"
EXTREMELY DIRTY. Don't say I didn't warn you A ninety-five-year-old mother lived with her sixty-year-old son. One Mother's Day her son offered to fuck her as a present. She was grateful, but a few minutes after his wrinkled Charleston Chew entered her withered, raw turkey vagina, she shit all over herself. The son rolled off and said, "Mom, why the hell did you do that?" The old lady said, "Son, I'm too old too cum, but you know I love you so much that I had to do something."
A woman takes her daughter to the doctor A mother took her daughter to the doctor and asked him to give her an examination to determine the cause of her daughters swollen abdomen. It only took the doctor about 2 seconds to say "Your daughter is pregnant." The mother turned red with fury and she argued with the doctor that her daughter was a good girl and would not compromise her reputation by having sex with a boy. The doctor faced the window and silently watched the horizon. The mother became enraged and screamed, "Quit looking out the window! Aren't you paying attention to me?" "Yes, of course I am paying attention ma'am. It's just that the last time this happened, a star appeared in the East, and three wise men came. I was hoping that they would show up again."
What do you call a blonde standing on her hands? A brunette with bad breath.
What is Aladdin's favorite Pokemon? Magikarp. So he can take Jasmine to a Magikarpet Ride.
If a gay guy jumps on your back... do you leave him there, or do you beat him off?
I got this hot blondes phone number today! Im starting to think i should cause car accidents more often.
How many NYPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They just beat the room for being black.
Why are gay guys the first to check out of a hotel in the morning? Because they had their shit packed the night before
Chick FIL-A and the Homosexual Agenda I'm openly queer and the other day I went into a Chick FIL-A and I kid you guys not, everyone in the restaurant simultaneously went quiet so I had to make a speech and said, "look guys, I'm not here to make a political statement, I'm here because I'm fuckin fat and I need a sandwich fix" .
Interviewing an 80-year-old lady The local news station was interviewing an 80-year-old lady because she had just gotten married for the fourth time. The interviewer asked her questions about her life, about what it felt like to be marrying again at 80, and then about her new husband's occupation. "He's a funeral director," she answered. "Interesting," the newsman thought. He then asked her if she wouldn't mind telling him a little about her first three husbands and what they did for a living. She paused for a few moments, needing time to reflect on all those years. After a short time, a smile came to her face and she answered proudly, explaining that she had first married a banker when she was in her 20's, then a circus ringmaster when in her 40's, a preacher when in her 60's, and now - in her 80's - a funeral director. The interviewer looked at her, quite astonished, and asked why she had married four men with such diverse careers. She smiled and explained, "I married one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go go go"
They should just rename double stuffed Oreos to regular Oreos. And rename regular Oreos to "Do it Yourself Double Oreo Kits".
So a guy is hiking in a forest and it's getting dark He's too far from his car to make it back by nightfall and the woods are dangerous at night. Luckily, he comes upon a clearing with a quaint little cottage in the centre. A middle-aged Chinese man is sitting outside the cottage watching the sunset. The hiker asks the wizened man if he could stay until morning in his house. The Chinese man agrees but lays down a single rule: if the hiker touched his daughter, he would suffer the worst Three Chinese Tortures. The hiker agrees. The hiker is at the dinner table and the Chinese man's daughter serves him dinner. She is absolutely gorgeous. Drop dead beautiful. All throughout the dinner, she's flirting with him whenever her father looked away. The hiker brushes off her advances and resolves to keep his promise to the man. Later, the hiker is in bed and he cannot stop thinking about the daughter. He fights temptation but eventually gives in, slipping off to her room. He returns tired but satisfied an hour later. Dawn breaks and the hiker wakes up. There's a boulder just lying on his chest. He notices a sign pinned up on the wall. CHINESE TORTURE #1: LARGE ROCK ON CHEST. Big deal says the hiker. He picks up the rock and tosses it out the 2nd storey window. Hanging out of the window is another sign: CHINESE TORTURE #2: RIGHT TESTICLE TIED TO ROCK. The hiker jumps out the window, reasoning that a few broken bones are preferable to castration. Half way though his descent, he sees a sign on the ground. CHINESE TORTURE #3: LEFT TESTICLE TIED TO BEDPOST.
Why was Twelve running from Seven? Because Seven had a fucking rocket launcher!
An older man walks into a bar... ...wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?" "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life." "But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender. "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
A sloth named Herman is walking through the forest one day. A gang of snails approach him and beat him up. Herman is left at the bottom of a tree with several cuts and bruises. Several hours later he gathers up enough strength to go to a local police station. Herman walks into the Sergeant's office. "What happened to you? the officer asks. "A gang of snails beat me up," Herman replied. "Can you describe what they looked like?" "I don't know," the sloth says. "It all happened so fast."
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree? Wave!
What do Super Mario Brothers, and relationships have in common? Sometimes you have to slay a few dragons before you get to the princess
A naive little boy.. has to walk to school which is 3 miles away, but there is a shortcut through a bad part of the neighborhood that cuts the walk from 3 to 1. His mom forbids it but he decides that he's going to do it anyway. On his way home through the bad neighborhood he hears the word "bitch". After he gets home he asks his mom what the word means. The mother, knowing that he took the bad neighborhood home spanks him once and tells him that it means Grandma. The boy decides again that he's gonna take the bad neighborhood shortcut and hears the word "fucking." Again, he asks his mom what it means and she spanks him twice and says it means putting clothes on. Finally a third time he takes the bad neighborhood shortcut and hears the word "shit." He knows he's going to get punished but asks his mother anyway. She spanks him 3 times and tells him it means food. A couple of days goes by and the weekly dinner with grandmother is upon them. The boy hears the doorbell and walks to the door to find his grandma standing there. Without a pause he says to her "Hey Bitch, Mom and Dad are upstairs fucking and the shits on the table"
We put Granddad into a nursing home yesterday I called Grandma to see how he was doing. "Oh, dear, he's like a fish out of water!" she told me. "Is he finding hard to adjust?" I asked. "No, he's dead."
3 Survivors 3 survivors of an airplane crash were walking on the desert. They were a banker, a drunkard and a miser. All in a sudden they found a magical oil lamp, they rubbed the lamp, unexpectedly unleashing a genie, who revealed he would grant each of them three wishes. The genie asked the banker, "What do you want?" The banker said, "I want lots of money, lots of pretty girls, and I wanna go home!" The genie snapped his fingers, the banker was home with money and girls. Then the genie asked the miser what his wishes were. The miser said, "I want the same!" He was home with money and girls as well. When the genie asked the drunkard. He said, "I am thirsty, give me a bottle of cold wine first!" He got the bottle, and drank it. Then he requested again, "Another bottle of cold wine!" His wish was granted. Then he said, "I feel wonderful! but I start to miss my friends. Can you revoke their wishes and bring them back to me?" The genie snapped his finger. The banker and miser were back with nothing.They had to walk in the desert again. After a while, they found another magical oil lamp, they rubbed the lamp, another genie came out and said he could grant each of them another 2 wishes. The banker said, "I want plenty of money and going home." He was home with money. The miser said, "I want dozens of girls and going home." He was home with the girls. Again, the drunkard asked for a bottle of wine, after he drank the wine, he asked for his friends back. They walked in the desert again. The two were angry. Finally, they found the third magical oil lamp, they rubbed the lamp, another genie came out and promised to grant each of them one last wish. The banker and the miser were so nervous. They covered the drunkard's mouth, spoke with one voice, "send this idiot drunkard home first!" The genie snapped his fingers, the drunkard was home, but the two were left in the desert, crying...
Best joke you came up with yourself? A lot of people think that Saudi Arabians are uninformed. What do you expect? They live under Iraq (a rock).
My penis refused to give me any jism... Finally, I just had to beat it out of him.
Furniture Delivery Hank is a furniture delivery man. Every day, he in employed by his company to carry sofas, tables, desk, chairs - you name it - all around town. Well, one day the "Check Engine" light in Hank's van turns on. Hank finds a nice little mechanic's garage nearby, and pulls in. The owner and mechanic, Federico, is a jovial man with a strong, thick Italian accent. He takes a look at Hank's van. "Well-a you see-a, your oil-a is very low. I could-a do a change real quick-a, though." Hank accepts, and begins to go for his wallet. "No need," Federico says, "First one is always on-a da house-a." Federico starts working, and then proceeds to explain in detail how oil works in an engine, and why it wears out. He prints a sticker and places it inside Hank's windshield to remind him how often he should be coming back to change the oil, and explains the sticker while eagerly pointing at it. Hank is thrilled. It's been the best repair experience of his life, and he swears to always come back to the same shop whenever he needs work done on the van. So, he comes back a week later, and Federico has fallen sick, and has hired an assistant to work in the shop in his absence. Hank tells the guy that he needs an oil change for his van again. The assistant reads the sticker and explains to Hank that he's not due for at least another 3000 miles. "Federico was very clear about when I should change the oil. Do it," Hank says. The shop assistant shrugs and gets to work. Hank repeats this about once or twice a week, according to when his deliveries take him back around the neighborhood. By the end of a month, he's had 7 oil changes done. Federico gets well again, and meets Hank in the shop one day when he comes in. He says to Hank, "What are-a you doin'? I hear-a that you been in here almost every week-a!" Hank says, "I've just been following your instructions!" "How-a you figure that?" Federico asks. Hank explains, "When I first came to you, you changed my oil, and then pointed to my furniture van and said, 'Hank-a, you make sure-a you bring this back in-a for an oil change every so fa' (sofa)!'" ---------- Thought it up the other day at dinner, but it really works better when spoken, because of the accent and the homophone at the end.
A man phones the house and the maid picks up the phone. A man phones the house and the maid picks up the phone. He asks the maid where the wife is. She says the wife is in the bed with a man. After a long pause, the man gathers himself together asks the maid to do a favor for him and promises her $50,000. He asks her to go to his study room and to get a gun from the cabinet table and to shoot both the woman and the man. The maid puts down the phone receiver and the man can hear two gunshots. The maid cames back panting and stressed and picks up the phone again and says now what. The man says to the maid to dump the bodies in their pool. The maid pauses a little and says "But you don't have a pool". There is a pause on the other line. "Oh sorry, wrong number."
I have a joke about minidisc... ...but it's a little CD.
An elderly couple, he was 93 and she was 94, got broke. They didn't have a single dime and all options were exhausted. They decided that she had to sell herself on the street, so she went out for a day of hard labor. After a day she came back and put 20 dollars and 10 cents on the table. - What the hell! Who paid 10 cents? - Everybody...
The 3rd grade teacher was asking her students what they wanted to be when they grow up. It was Johnny's turn... Johnny: I wanna be a billionaire and go to expensive clubs. Find a bitch there, buy her a million dollar apartment in Vegas. Get her a Ferrari. Buy her a beach house in Miami , a jet to fly with, get her expensive jewelry and have sex with her 3 times a day . The teacher was lost of words and didn't know what to do. She just proceeded along and asked Marie what she wanted to be. Marie replied: "Without a doubt ma'am, I'd like to be Johnny's bitch!!"
The Pope walks into a synagogue the Rabbi asks, "Why the wrong faith?"
There was once a man who woke up every morning and farted really loudly... Every day he would wake up, release the pressure, and his wife would say in disgust "one of these days, you're going to fart your guts out". So one Thanksgiving, the wife got up early to start fixing the feast for the day. As she was removing the giblets from the turkey, she had an idea. Sneaking back up to the bedroom, she carefully lifted the back of her husbands pajamas and placed the giblets into his pants, then snuck back downstairs and continued her work. After a while, she heard her husbands alarm go off and, just as every morning, the eruptive release of high pressure gasses. She giggled to herself and her small prank, and waited for him to come down stairs. Five minutes went by, and there was no sign of him, but she kept preparing the meal. Ten minutes...Fifteen...and now she was a little worried so she went up to check on him. She noticed the bathroom light was on, so she knocked on the door and asked "honey are you ok?" He came out and sheepishly replied "Well, it finally happened. I farted my guts out. But by the grace of god, and these two fingers, I was able to get them back in."
Mommy mommy what happened to all your scabs ...[NSFL] Shut up and eat your corn flakes!
A man is at a gun store... He's choosing a rifle to go hunting with for Deer Season, but he's having difficulty choosing a good enough scope. The salesperson says to him about a particular scope,"Oh with this one, you can see your house from here!" The man interested, asks the salesperson to try and see his house from the store. The salesperson lines up the scope and says,"Yeah, I can see your address, and what looks to be your wife in bed with another man." The man curses and says quickly,"Look, I'll give you $10,000 per shot if you can shoot my wife's head off and the man's penis." The Salesperson adjusts the scope and replies,"I think I can do that in one shot."
the three little pigs and 100 bricks Three little pigs want to build a house out of bricks, so they go to home depot and buy some bricks. They only sell in packs of 100 so they buy that. when they are done building the house they have one brick left. They dont know what to do with it, they keep thinking and thinking but they dont know what to do with it, so... they throw it up in the sky.
A man is stranded on a dessert island and it was delicious.
A british teen walks into a store ...and asks the middle aged man behind the counter "Excuse me sir, may I have a packet of cigarettes please?" the middle aged man, surprised with the young mans manners and well spoken question, responds, "Oh young lad, I'm not thaat old, you can say 'fag' if you want too." the teen replies, "Oh ok, Excuse me fag, may I have a packet of cigarettes please?"
Arnold's new tell all book. Arnold Schwarzenegger just wrote a new tell all book because no one could understand his audio book.
why does everyone want the new white iphone? don't they know the black one runs faster?
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat? Banned from the petting zoo.
A chemistry professor is giving his final exam... ... he says on the friday before the final, "If you miss the final you have to have a great excuse for missing the final next monday." Two students decide to study together all weekend so all friday night they study, all saturday morning and night they study, then they study all sunday morning and decide, "We've been studing all that we can study, let's go out and relax for a while." They drive 150 miles to the next town, they get drunk and pass out later sunday night. They woke up late monday morning and realized they missed their test. They drive back and tell the profesor, "We had a flat tire and couldn't get it fix and that is why we are late." The profesor agrees that having a flat tire is a legitimate excuse. He then proceeds to put them in two seperate rooms and hands them the new test they have to retake. First question: (5 points out of 100) What is the chemical compound for sugar? "That's an easy question" the one student says. He goes and answers the question. Second question: (95 points out of 100) Which tire was flat?
I thought I would go and help out in Africa... ...turns out they have enough aids.
What part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat? The wheelchair.
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear? White Vans.
A photon checks into a hotel. The bellhop says "can I take your bags?" "No," she answers, "I'm traveling light." *(I'm new to the community, this is best I've got, I'm sorry)*
How do you spell relief? F-A-R-T
When Beethoven died... he was buried in a churchyard. A couple days later, the town drunk was walking through the cemetery and heard some strange noise coming from the area where Beethoven was buried. Terrified, the drunk ran and got the priest to come and listen to it. The priest bent close to the grave and heard some faint, unrecognizable music coming from the grave. Frightened, the priest ran and got the town magistrate. When the magistrate arrived, he bent his ear to the grave, listened for a moment, and said, "Ah, yes, that's Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, being played backwards." He listened a while longer, and said, "There's the Eighth Symphony, and it's backwards, too. Most puzzling." So the magistrate kept listening; "There's the Seventh... the Sixth... the Fifth..." Suddenly the realization of what was happening dawned on the magistrate; he stood up and announced to the crowd that had gathered in the cemetery, "My fellow citizens, there's nothing to worry about. It's just Beethoven decomposing."
College A professor tells the class that they will be performing an experiment the next day. When the students get to class, they see the professor with a large glass vase, some large rocks, some small pebbles, and some sand. The students all get seated, and the professor begins the experiment. He fills the vase with the rocks and says, "How many of you says this is full?" When half the class raises his hand, he nods, and then pours in the pebbles. "Now how many of you says this is full?" When no one else raises their hand he adds the sand and repeats the previous question. The rest of the class raises their hands. The professor then sits down to begin the rest of the class, when a student walks up with a bottle of booze that was in his backpack. He pours the booze in the vase and says to the professor "Now what does this teach you?" When the professor didn't answer the student said "There's always room for beer."
What did the hat say to the tie? You just hang here, Ill go on ahead
A lady dies and goes to heaven. As she is waiting at the gates she hears horrible screams coming from inside. She asks St. Peter, "What are those awful screams I hear?" He replies, "Oh those are the new angels. They're getting small holes drilled in their heads for halos, and large holes drilled in their backs for wings." She goes, "Man that sounds awful! I think I'd kind of like to go to hell." To which St. Peter replies, " You know if you go to hell you'll be raped and sodomized for all of eternity!" She goes, "That's ok I've already got holes for that"
What did the music thief do in college? Take notes.
Did you know that if you were to print out every single page on the internet, and stack them all, one on top of the other... ... environmentalists would go fucking nuts.
So there was a competition between polices... (...) and the three finalists on this efficiency competition were: Interpol, FBI and Rio de Janeiro's Elite Squad. The last assignment was really simple. They should retrieve a small rabbit after being released in a jungle. The group doing it in less time wins. First went Interpol, with a few agents, smart interrogation techniques, good wits and in 15 minutes they were back with the rabbit. Next the FBI invaded the jungle with helicopters, infra-red goggles, fast cars, etc., and in 10 minutes they were back with the rabbit. Last the Rio de Janeiro's Elite Squad started the chase only with an old and rusty SUV, to come back with only 5 minutes passed. They showed a poorly dressed, beaten up, bruised black teenager dressed as a rabbit screaming: "I'm a rabbit, I swear I'm a pretty white bunny!"
Black Guy , Rabbi , Priest board a plane..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__4JiQI3N6Q&amp;list=UUGglsv4QSDDNs6oBqTEzoyg&amp;index=1&amp;feature=plcp short and dry, but funny imo.
A man is praying to God... He says, "Lord? May I ask you a question?" "Sure thing!", God replies. "Well," the man begins, "Is it true that a million years is just a second to you?" God replies, "Yes, that is true." The man then asks, "And is it true that a million dollars is only a penny to you?" "Yes." "In that case, can I have a penny?" "Sure," God answers, "Just give me a second."
What's Resurrection? There was a man teaching the children's Sunday school class, and his lesson was on resurrection. The man asks the kids if they know what the word resurrection means. After a long silence a little boy in the back of the room raises his hand and says "Well I don't know what it is but I know that if it lasts more than 4 hours, you have to go see a doctor."
Whats the best thing you get out of a penis? The wrinkles.
my favorite joke I heard in school Rudolph was a child adopted from Russia. One day Rudolph and his brother are arguing if it is raining or snowing outside. Rudolph says it raining and his brother says its snowing. They decide to ask their mother what she thinks. Their mother says its raining. When his brother asked why she agreed with Rudolph she said "Because Rudolph the red knows rain dear."
Jeb and Jethro live in the hills, about 5 miles outside of town. Jeb asks Jethro to go in to town to pick up some lumber. Jethro walks the 5 miles to town to the local lumberyard. "Jeb says we're gonna need some 4 x 2's" Jethro tells the yardman. "Do you mean 2 x 4's?" asks the yardman. "Well, I don't rightly know, I better go ask Jeb" says Jethro and walks the 10 miles to the hills and back to town. "Jeb says we're gonna need 2 x 4's" Jethro tells the yardman. "Now, how many 2 x 4's will you need?" asks the yardman. "Well, I don't rightly know, I better go ask Jeb." says Jethro, and again walks the 10 miles to the hills and back to town. "Jeb says were gonna need about 40 of 'em" Jethro tells the yardman. "Now, how long will you need them?" asks the yardman. "Well, I don't rightly know, I better go ask Jeb" says Jethro and yet again walks the 10 miles to the hills and back to town. Upon returning Jethro says to the yardman, "Jeb says you better give 'em to us for a while . . . we're gonna build a barn."
A young man shows up... ...to pick up a girl, Carrie, for their first date. When he rings the doorbell, Carrie's father answers the door and says, "Carrie is still getting ready, but she'll come downstairs in a few minutes. Why don't you come in and tell me what your plans are for this evening?" The young man replies, "Well, sir, I guess I just figured we'd go to a soda shop or see a movie or something." To which the father replies, "Well, those are nice ideas, but you know what Carrie really loves? She loves to screw. Why, she'd screw all night if you let her. Why don't you two do that?" To which the young man delightedly replies, "Well, yes, that sounds like a great idea!" Just then Carrie comes down the stairs and the couple leaves. A few minutes later she bursts back into the house, slams the door and yells, "Dammit Daddy, it's called the twist!"
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEP3Jut-crE
How do you tell a real Ferrari from a fake one? You take a pocketknife and scrape off some of the paint on the hood. If it's a real Ferrari... someone will kick your ass.
How do you figure out if Will Smith committed a crime? Dust for Fresh Prints! (i this version better than any snowstorm b.s.)
Viagra for women. The makers of Viagra have developed a pill for women that unlike Viagra that keeps a man erect for hours, this pill keeps a woman lubricating constantly for four hours. They're calling it Niagara.
A young boy walks into a whore house... ...with his dead frog and asks to speak with the Madam. "I would like to sleep with the nastiest, most disease filled prostitute you have." The Madam, slightly confused asks "Young man, why on earth would you want to do that?" The young boy takes a deep breath and says "Well, I'm going to sleep with your disease ridden whore and catch something. Then I'm going to go home and sleep with my babysitter so she gets infected. Then when my dad gets back from work he'll take the babysitter home and bang her, so he catches it. Then my dad is going to sleep with my mom so she catches it. When my dad leaves for work my mom is going to have sex with the mailman and that's the motherfucker that ran over my frog."
What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stew!
Dinner with the parents A young man began to go steady with a girl who he had been dating for several months. She decided it was time for him to meet her parents and invited him over for dinner that night. Deciding that he may get a chance to get lucky that night, he stopped at the pharmacy to pick up condoms before he went to his girlfriend's house. He got there, sat down for dinner, and everyone bowed their heads in prayer. One minute passed and everyone except the young man began to eat, as the young man kept his head bowed. Five minutes passed, and he still kept his head down. After ten minutes, the girl whispered to the guy, "I didn't know you were so religious." The young man whispered back, "I didn't know your dad was a pharmacist."
Lifesavers A teacher was doing a study testing the senses (taste) Of first graders using a bowl of lifesavers. The children began to identify the flavours by their colour: Red......................Cherry Yellow..................Lemon Green....................Lime Orange...............Orange Finally the teacher gave them all HONEY lifesavers. After eating them, none of the children could identify the taste. 'Well,' she said, 'I will give you all a clue. It's what your mother may sometimes call your father.' One little girl looked up in horror, spit her lifesaver out and yelled, 'Oh my God!! They're assholes!'
What does a dog do that you step in? Pants.
What do you get when you breed a rabbit with an elephant? A dead rabbit with a beat-up asshole.
Bad memory An old man walks into a bar, sits down, and starts crying. The bartender asks, "Whats wrong?" The old man looks at the bartender through Teary eyes and between sobs says," I married a beautiful woman two days ago. Shes a natural blonde, twenty-five, intelligent, a marvelous cook, a meticulous housekeeper, Extremely sensitive to my wants and needs, very giving, my best friend, and intensely passionate in bed. " The bartender stares at the old man for a brief moment and says, "But that sounds great! You have what every man wants in a woman, so why are crying?" The old man looks at the bartender and says, "I cant remember where I live!" Edit: grammar
An 11-year-old student of mine just told me this. What do you call a singing computer? Adele.
Georgia joke The owner of a golf course in Georgia was confused about paying an invoice, so he decided to ask his secretary for some mathematical help. He called her into his office and said, "Y'all graduated from the University of Georgia and I need some help. If I wuz to give yew $20,000, minus 14%, how much would you take off?" The secretary thought a moment, and then replied, "Everthang but my earrings."
Why did Princess Dianna cross the road? She wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
Have you guys heard about the new restaurant on the moon? Early critics say the food is good, but there's no atmosphere.
What does an elephant use for a tampon? A sheep.
2 muffins sitting in the oven. First one says "Damn it's hot in here". Second one says "Oh shit! A talking muffin".
What came first? A chicken and an egg are lying in bed. The chicken is leaning against the headboard smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face. The egg, looking a bit ticked off, grabs the sheet, rolls over and says ... "Well, I guess we finally answered THAT question!"
Support Group for People Who Talk Too Much It's called On and On Anon.
Did you guys hear that the hadron accelerator exploded? It was mass murder.
What is the president's favorite vegetable? BARACK-oli. Courtesy of my friend Abraham.
I'm not fishing A woman had become tired of the family stressing around her, so she went to the nearest lake and borrowed a boat, sailed out to the middle of the lake, throws in the anchor and sits down and starts reading the book she brought with her. Ten minutes later a boat aproaches and she notices it is the sheriff. "Do you have a fishing permit?" the sheriff asks "no, I'm not fishing I'm reading my book" "but you have the boat full of fishing equipment, there's nothing to stop you from fishing when I turn my back on you. So I will have ask you to follow me to the shore, so I can write you a fine for illegal fishing" "If you do that I'll yell rape" "Rape?" "yeah you got the equipment for it, there's nothing to stop you from using it when I turn my back on you" the sheriff tips his hat to the lady "Enjoy the book, and have a nice day" *edit spelling*
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapus
A little doctor joke Patient: Doctor, I keep thinking I'm in a large African river! Doctor: Ah, you must be in denial.
Have you guys heard the story about the butter? You know what, never mind. I don't want to spread it around.
An armless homeless man walks into a church. There was a help wanted sign on the door. He asks the priest what kind of help the church needs. "Bell ringer" says the priest. "I can ring a bell" says the armless homeless man. The priest looked at the man with concern. "I can do it, I really need this opportunity!" He proclaimed. "Follow me." says the priest. He leads the man into the bell tower to a rather large church bell and tells the man if he can ring it, he can have the job. The man gets a running start and slams his head into the bell, it rings with angelic clairity. "I've never heard this bell rung so well." says the priest. "you've got the job, you start at noon tomorrow." The man thanks him and leaves. The next day he comes in early and gets set up. He waits for noon in the clock tower and when it rolls around he stands up, gets a running start and rings the hell out of that church bell with his face. "That's one" he says to himself. He rings the bell four more times. At this point, he is a little woozy and his head is the size of the watermelon. He digs deep and finds the will to carry on. One more, two more three more, his head is a mess, he can hardly see. He takes another crack at it, deflects off the bell and falls three stories to his death. The people on the street rush to get the priest. "Who is this man? He fell out of the bell tower." The priest kneels down and tries to make sense of the man's mangled head. "I think I know this man, his face rings a bell." Not the greatest, but why not.
What do you call a cow that plays with itself? Beef Stroganoff
Pump a little harder. There was once a woman who worked a farm with her daughter. The woman tried to teach her daughter all about the ways of the farm. Her first task was churning butter. The mother would always have to remind the girl to "pump a little harder". She would find herself telling her daughter to pump a little harder so often, that it became the girls nickname. "Dinnnertime pumpalittleharder", "wake up pumpalittleharder, time for school!" Stuff like that. One day a weary traveler came to the farm looking foor shelter from the storm. The woman let him in and told him not to go into her daughter's room. The man went to bed and woke up before anyone else. He went to see this daughter the woman had mentioned. He liked what he saw and laid down next to her. After about a half an hour, the woman is awake and sees that her daughter is not doing her chores. She called out to her "Pumpalittleharder!, Pumpalittleharder!" From upstaris the women hears the girl yell "I'm trying mommy, I'm trying!"
Guy gets out of jail and goes directly to the whorehouse. His brother helps him out by giving him $5 a day. He speaks to the madam at the front desk and says "I need a $5 hooker". The woman looks at him and takes him into a back room where there on the bed is a dishevled looking old hooker. He dives right in. While he's fucking her, he notices that her pussy is rough, abrasive even. "Goddamn you're rough, Goddamn you're tough". He says. He finishes and leaves. The next day he comes back with another $5. The madam takes him to the same room with the same slampig. He sucks it up and takes her to town. "Goddamn you're rough, Goddamn you're tough." He says again. The next day he has $10. He goes to the madam and says, "I've got $10 today, I want a nice, smooth pussy this time!". The madam takes him to the same room with the same slampig. "Woah, woah, woah, he says, not this again!" The hooker says "trust me" and leaves for a few minutes. When she comes back the guy starts nailing her and realizes her pussy is smooth as silk, very welcoming. "What did you do baby? You feel so goo!" "I went into the bathroom, picked of all the scabs and let the puss run loose.' she says.
George, are you high? No mom. The smell is incense, my eyes are red from browsing reddit for hours, and I'm just keeping that unicorn here until Tim comes back from Florida.
An old man goes up to a whore house... The madam comes to the door and the old man says to her "I would like your finest woman". The madam looks him up and down and figures he is way past his prime. She turns to the girl next to her and whispers "Take him to room 7 with one of the inflatable girls". The girl leads him up to the room and leaves him there. A minute or two passes and the man comes running out of the room, back to the madam. She is surprised by how quickly he came running out so she asks him what happened. He says "Well, the strangest thing happened! Things started heating up, so I bit her on the tit and she farted and flew out the window!"
They say that 1 out of a group of 5 guys is gay.... I'm really hoping it's Jake, because he's *super cute*.
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? It's an obscure number, you wouldn't know it.
so an athlete tries doping for the first time for not getting caught, he runs slow.
So I shot an elephant in my pajamas.. How he got into my pajamas, I'll never know.
Why are you dancing? Mark loses an arm in a car accident. He becomes so depressed that he decides to commit suicide by jumping off of a building. As Mark is about to jump, he looks down and sees a man, with both arms amputated, dancing on the street. Confused, Mark goes down and asks him: "Excuse me, I'm just curious as to why you are dancing with joy when you have lost both of your arms. Whereas, I'm about to kill myself after losing just one?" The man looks back at Mark and says: "I'm not dancing... I have to scratch my back."
The other day my friend asked me, "Would you rather be single, or have your perfect girl, but with a dick?" "So it's my perfect girl, plus a dick?" I asked him. He confirmed. I told him I didn't want to be single, so I'd have to take the girl with two dicks.
Only Beer drinkers would understand In Amsterdam, a world wide convention of brewers was held. The presidents of many of the world's greatest breweries were on hand, and many of them decided to go out for dinner together on the first evening. The waiter asked what they would like to drink, and the CEO of Miller said, "The Best Beer in the world, an MGD please!" The president of Budweiser asked for "The King of Beers, make it a Bud!". Adolph Coors requested a "From mountain spring water, the clearest beer, a Coors if you don't mind." And so it went around the large table, each president asking for the brew from his own company as if it was the best. Finally, the waiter came to Arthur Guinness. "And you sir?" he queried. "I'll have a Coke!" was Guinness's reply. "A Coke??!?" The waiter was shocked. "Wouldn't you rather have a Guinness, sir?" Arthur looked at the waiter, and gestured to his companions. "Well," he said, "If they're not drinking beer, then neither will I!"
I forgot to turn my SWAG off before I went to bed. I woke up poor and working at McDonald's.
three straight men walk in to a bar... and come out.
Quantum Mechanics Knock Knock joke quick one: knockknock who's there quantum mechanics quantum mechanics who? You won't know until you open the door O_O
Investment question If a leopard and a cheetah both had companies, which stock should you buy? A: The leopard's, because cheetahs never prosper.
I walked out of my local shop today... ...and outside was a tramp. Same guy as always, but I'd never talked to him before. As I passed, he said, "Excuse me, I don't suppose you have a spare cigarette I can have?". I looked around, and I was the only person in the vacinity, so I knew he was talking to me. "Sorry mate, I don't smoke." I replied, which is true. He looked disappointed, but then asked hopefully "Any change?", I thought for a second before answering "Nope, still don't smoke."
The Man and The Ostrich A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich behind him. The waitress asks them for their orders. The man says, "A hamburger, fries and a coke," and turns to the ostrich, "What's yours?" "I'll have the same," says the ostrich. A short time later the waitress returns with the order. "That will be $9.40 please." The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, "A hamburger, fries and a coke." The ostrich says, "I'll have the same." Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change. This becomes routine until the two enter again. "The usual asks the waitress?" "No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato and a salad," says the man."Same," says the ostrich. Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, "That will be $32.62." Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer. "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?" "Well," says the man, "several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there.""That's brilliant!" says the waitress. "Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!""That's right...Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce,the exact money is always there," says the man. The waitress asks, "What's with the ostrich?"The man sighs, pauses and answers, "My second wish was for a tall chick with a big ass and long legs who agrees with everything I say.."
A guy walks into a bar... And says, "Ow."
What's white and sticky? What's white and sticky and hangs from the clouds? . The second coming of the Lord
When I was a kid my Fairy-Godmother asked me if I wanted a long penis or a long memory I can't remember what did I chose!
How do you know if a guy has an asian wife? He'll tell you.
How does Romney only claim a 14% tax rate? He claims 47% of the U.S. as dependents.
Political Correct'ness has gone too far! Did you hear you can't even say 'black paint' anymore??? No! You have to say: 'Please paint the wall DeMarcus' instead.
Hens. The Priest of a small village was very fond of his flock of ten hens and a cockerel. He kept them in a hen house behind the parish, but one Saturday night, the cockerel was missing. The priest, suspecting fowl play decided to say something about it at church the next morning. At Mass, he asked the congregation, has anyone got a cock? To which all the men stood up. "No,no," he said, somewhat flustered, "that's not what I meant. "Has anybody SEEN a cock?" All the women stood up. "No, no," he said. "Thats not what I meant either. Has anyone seen a cock that doesn't belong to them." Half the women stood up. "No, no," He said, now thoroughly embarrassed "Perhaps I should rephrase the question: Has anybody here seen MY cock?" All the choirboys stood up.
I like my women like i like my cake mixes... ultra moist whites
How many women with PMS does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. ONE!! And do you know WHY it only takes ONE? Because no one else in this house knows HOW to change a light bulb. They don't even know the bulb is BURNED OUT. They would sit in this house in the dark for THREE DAYS before they figured it OUT. And once they figured it out they wouldn't be able to find the light bulbs despite the fact that they've been in the SAME CUPBOARD for the past SEVENTEEN YEARS. But if they did, by some miracle, find the light bulbs, TWO DAYS LATER the chair that they dragged from two rooms over to stand on to change the STUPID light bulb would STILL BE IN THE SAME SPOT!!!!!!! AND UNDERNEATH IT WOULD BE THE CRUMPLED WRAPPER THE STUPID LIGHT BULBS CAME IN. WHY??? BECAUSE NO ONE IN THIS HOUSE EVER CARRIES OUT THE GARBAGE!!!! IT'S A WONDER WE HAVEN'T ALL SUFFOCATED FROM THE PILES OF GARBAGE THAT ARE 12 FEET DEEP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HOUSE. THE HOUSE!! THE HOUSE!!! IT WOULD TAKE AN ARMY TO CLEAN THIS...
so a man comes into a bar........ Oh wait no it was a horse....... So a man comes into a horse..........
Tom Jones Fever A guy walks into his doctor's office one afternoon and says "Doc, I can't sleep. When I lay on my right side, I hear the song 'Delilah'. When I lay on my left side, I hear the song 'The Green Green Grass of Home', what's wrong with me?" The doctor pauses for a moment before saying "Oh dear lord...it sounds like a bad case of Tom Jones Fever" The man replies "Tom Jones Fever? I've never heard of that. Is it common?" The doctor says "Well, it's not unusual."
Dirty Billy So it's Dirty Billy's first day of kindergarten. Dirty Billy is known around town for having the mouth of a sailor, so the teacher is on her guard as soon as she's introduced. Everyone's having a grand ole time, getting to know each other on their first day of kindergarten, playing with blocks, or whatever the hell children do. "Alright, children," says the teacher, "Gather round. We're going to play an alphabet game! I'm going to say a letter of the alphabet and you're all going to give me a word that starts with that letter, ok?" This goes over well with the kindergarteners. "OK, how about 'A'?" Dirty Billy immediately raises his hand. "Christ, I can't call on Dirty Billy," thinks the teacher, "he'll say asshole or something." Teacher calls on little Susan who says "Apple!" "Good job! How about 'B'?" Dirty Billy's hand goes up immediately, once again. "Jesus, I can't call on Dirty Billy, he'll say bitch or buttfuck or something," thinks the teacher. Teacher calls on Timmy, who says "Basketball!" This goes on throughout the entire alphabet. Every single time the teacher thinks of something terrible Dirty Billy will say. Dirty Billy's raising his hand, trying desperately to be called on, aching to be part of the game. Finally, they get all the way through to 'R.' Of course, Dirty Billy's hand shoots up. He's standing and jumping, trying to get the teacher's attention. "Ok, 'R... I cann't think of anything really terrible, how about I give Dirty Billy a shot," thinks the teacher. "Billy, what do you have for 'R'?" Dirty Billy stands up, takes a deep breath and says, "A rat! A huge fucking rat with a huge fucking dick!"
Why did the Irishman wear two condoms? To be sure, to be sure.
My Favorite Joke as a Kid. "What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer?" The Taste!
What's the second fastest thing in the world? &gt; Your asshole pinching shut after dropping a deuce. What's *the* fastest thing in the world? &gt; The ice-cold drop of water that gets in first.
My deaf girlfriend started talkin in her sleep last night Nearly poked my eye out
Swapping Positions He said to me ... . ......... Shall we try swapping positions tonight? I said to him .. That's a good idea - you stand by the stove &amp; sink while I sit on the sofa and do nothing but fart
How do you make a cat sound like a dog? Pour gasoline on it and set it on fire : WOOF! How do you make a dog sound like a cat? Freeze it and put it thru a table saw: meeeeooooow
JFK in Berlin Picture this: Berlin, June 1963. JFK is due to make an important speech. Suddenly he appears, dressed from head to toe in a black plastic bag. He hops up to the microphone and says: "ich bin ein bin-liner" (extra karma if you know where I stole that from)
Red Fern Q: Where does the red fern grow? A: In Lindsey Lohan's crotch!
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? *The taste.*
I bought some new "London Bridge Jeans" They keep falling down.
Happy Birthday Henry Old widower Henry is celebrating his 80th birthday in the retirement home, and his friends decide to hire a hooker to entertain him. So early that evening, a beautiful blond shows up at his door, and says "HI, I'm Susie, and I'm here to give you super sex." Henry looks her over, thinks for a minute, and says "Eh, I'll take the soup."
How do you know when sex with a blonde is over? The car light comes on
practicing with the violin A little boy goes to his weekly violin lesson, but when he opens the violin case he blurts out a curse, and slams the case shut again. "What's wrong?" asks the teacher. "It seems my father is going to rob the bank with my violin"
My girlfriend and I are so different... I exist and she doesn't.
My local movie theater was robbed of $200 last night. They stole a tub of popcorn, two sodas and a box of Milk Duds.
Cowboy is captured A cowboy is captured by a group of Indians after a gunfight. Because he fought so valiantly, they decide to kill him in three days, and to give him one wish each day before he dies. On the first day, he wishes to speak to his horse. The Indians bring his horse to him, and he whispers in its ear. The horse rides off and returns hours later with a buxom naked blonde on its back. The cowboy takes her into his tent for a couple hours, then she leaves. The Indians are mildly puzzled, but shrug it off. The next day, the same process occurs. The man whispers in his horse's ear, and the horse rides off. Hours later, the horse returns with a naked redhead, who spends a couple hours in the cowboy's tent. The Indians agree that this is not a terrible way to spend your last days. On the morning of his last day, the cowboy asks to see his horse one last time. He walks up to his horse, grabs him by both ears, and stares him in the face. "Listen to me Buster. I - SAID - POSSE!"
The kid's adultery fantasy One day a teacher was talking about marriage in class... Teacher : What kind of wife would you like Johnny? Johnny : I would want a wife like the moon... Teacher : Wow !! what a choice...do you want her to be cool &amp; calm like the moon? Johnny : No, no... Teacher: oh so u want her to be round and white? Johny: No, no... Teacher: Oh, so u want her to be fair and beautiful like d moon? Johny: No, no...I want her to arrive at night and disappear in the morning...only pleasure no pains!!
A hobo got robbed A hobo had been robbed and beaten into unconciousnes. When he woke up he checked about his person for damages and missing items, and found that all injuries were superficial but he had lost all his belongings. He stormed into the nearest police station. "I want to report a robbery! all my 53 belongings have been stolen from me!" "How can you be so sure about the number of the stolen items?" the officer asks sceptically with a raised eyebrow. "It was a deck of cards and a bottle opener!"
A rich man and poor man both bought their wives two gifts for their birthdays. The poor man asks the rich man what he got his wife, the rich man responds "I got her this diamond ring and a Mercedes" the poor man is curious why he chose those two gifts so he asks why, the rich man responds "well if she doesn't like the ring, she can drive the Mercedes to go return it and get something else." So the rich man asks the poor man what his gifts are..."I got her some slippers and a dildo". The rich man now confused, asks why. The poor man says "if she doesn't like the slippers she can go fuck herself"
Monastery of Silence Sister Mary Katherine entered the Monastery of Silence. The Priest said, "Sister, this is a silent monastery. You are welcome here as long as you like, but you may not speak until I direct you to do so". Sister Mary Katherine lived in the monastery for 5 years before the Priest said to her, "Sister Mary Katherine, you have been here for 5 years. You may speak two words." Sister Mary Katherine said, "Hard bed." "I'm sorry to hear that," the Priest said, "We will get you a better bed." After another 5 years, Sister Mary Katherine was called by the Priest. "You may say another two words, Sister Mary Katherine. "Cold food," said Sister Mary Katherine, and the Priest assured her that the food would be better in the future. On her 15th anniversary at the monastery, the Priest again called Sister Mary Katherine into his office. "Again, you may say two words today." "I quit," said Sister Mary Katherine. "It's probably best", said the Priest, "You've done nothing but bitch since you got here."
A man is walking along a street one day... When he comes across a tall building with a fire escaped lowered. Being an exploratory sort, the man begins to climb. He reaches the first story and he looks into the window of a beautiful brunette who just got out of the shower and is reclining in a chair watching television. She notices him and with a smirk, goes to the window and unlatches it. She says to him,"You can stay here and have sex with me, or climb the ladder to success." The man decides to see what lies further up this place and continues his climb. On the second story he finds an even hotter girl. Her long red hair is hanging all the way down to her ass as she bends over the refrigerator. She notices him, and saunters her way over to the window and unlatches it. She kisses him on the cheek and says in a sexy Scottish tone,"Stay with me, laddie, and I'll show you a good time. Or ya can climb the ladder to success." The man thinks it over, but decides to keep climbing. On the third level he finds what has to be the most gorgeous woman who ever lived. She's relaxing in a bathtub with candles. He taps the window and she notices him. She slowly rises out of the tub and the water glistens on her bare breasts like crystals. She unlatches the window and pulls him into a kiss so pleasant he's immediately rock hard. She says to him in a Southern drawl so enticing it hurt him to hear it," You can stay with me, darlin. Or you can climb the ladder to success." He's about to jump in and surely have the best sex of his life, but he finds the will somehow to climb the ladder to the last story of the house. What he finds shocks him. A 300 pound man stands at the open window and grabs him, effectively immobilizing him. The climber has no idea what is going on and says to the man with nervousness,"What's going on? Who the hell are you?" With a smirk the man who holds him captive lowers his waistline and says,"I'm Cess."
Dry Cleaning Monica Lewinsky walks into her dry cleaning store and tells the guy, "I've got another dress for you to clean." Slightly hard of hearing, the clerk replies, "Come again?" "No," says Monica. "Mustard this time."
Chuck Norris once broke wind so hard... it couldn't be fixed.
Mood ring Bought my girlfriend a mood ring the other day. When she's in a good mood it turns green. When she's in a bad mood, it leaves a red mark on my forehead.
Amish Hooker What's an Amish Hooker do? Ten Mennonite! (Mennonite link on the front page made me think of this one.) edit: I accidentally a ")", but I'm getting a kick out of the weird comments. :-)
I read in an American newspaper last night "15 die in twister"... ...I don't think you're playing it right.
Nervous about flying I am a very nervous flyer. During a trip from California to Indiana, it didn't help that my connecting flight from Denver was delayed twice because of mechanical problems. Then, after we were aloft, I noticed the lights began flickering. I mentioned this to a flight attendant. "I'll take care of it," she said. Moments later the lights went out. Clearly she had solved the problem by turning off all the lights. A passenger across the aisle who had been watching me leaned over and said, "Whatever you do, please don't ask about the engines."
I don't usually make anal sex jokes... ...butt fuck it
New Earring John is at work one day when he notices that his co-worker, Zach, is wearing an earring. This man knows his co-worker to be a normally conservative fellow, and is curious about his sudden change in "fashion". "Hey Zach" he yells out "I didn't know you were into earrings." "Don't make such a big deal out of it, ..it's only an earring." Says Zach sheepishly. "No really," probes John, "How long have you been wearing one?" ... "Ever since my wife found it in our bed."
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch? I ate too many chickpeas, now I falafel.
New neighbor. Two women were talking about the new hunk in the neighborhood. "But he acts so stupid," said one to the other. "I think he must have his brains between his legs." "Yeah," her friend sighed, "but I'd sure love to blow his mind."
Arthur and the nun Arthur was sitting outside his local pub one day, enjoying a quiet pint and generally feeling good about himself, when a nun suddenly appears at his table and starts decrying the evils of drink. "You should be ashamed of yourself young man! Drinking is a Sin! Alcohol is the blood of the devil!" Now Arthur gets pretty annoyed about this, and goes on the offensive. "How do *you* know, Sister?" "My Mother Superior told me so" "But have you ever had a drink yourself? How can you be sure that what you are saying is right?" "Don't be ridiculous - of course I have never taken alcohol myself" "Then let me buy you a drink - if you still believe afterwards that it is evil I will give up drink for life" "How could I, a Nun, sit outside this public house drinking?!" "I'll get the barman to put it in a teacup for you, them no-one will know" The Nun reluctantly agrees, so Arthur goes inside to the bar. "Another pint for me, and a triple vodka on the rocks", then he lowers his voice and says to the barman "... and could you put the vodka in a teacup?" "Oh no! It's not that drunken Nun again is it?"
Drunk in church A man sobering up from the night before is sitting through the Sunday sermon, finding it long and boring. Still feeling hung over and tired, he finally nods off. The priest has been watching him all along, noticing his apparent hangover and is disgusted. At the end of the sermon, the preacher decides to make an example of him. He says to his congregation, "All those wishing to have a place in heaven, please stand." The whole room stands up except, of course, the sleeping man. Then the preacher says even more loudly, "And he who would like to find a place in hell please STAND UP!" The weary man catching only the last part groggily stands up, only to find that he's the only one standing. Confused and embarrassed he says, "I don't know what we're voting on here, Father, but it sure seems like you and me are the only ones standing for it!"
Moral decline of the modern world Two bishops were discussing the decline in morals in the modern world. "I didn't sleep with my wife before I was married," said one clergyman self-righteously, "Did you?" "I don't know," said the other. "What was her maiden name?"
Silly Drunks. A drunk phoned the police to report that thieves had been in his car. "They've stolen the dashboard, the steering wheel, the brake pedal, even the accelerator!" he cried out. However, before the police investigation could start, the phone rang a second time with the same voice on the line. "Nevermind," he said with a hiccup. "I got in the back seat by mistake."
Overcrowded church The two thousand member Baptist church was filled to overflowing capacity one Sunday morning. The preacher was ready to start the sermon when two men, dressed in long black coats and black hats entered thru the rear of the church. One of the two men walked to the middle of the church while the other stayed at the back of the church. They both then reached under their coats and withdrew automatic weapons. The one in the middle announced, "Everyone willing to take a bullet for Jesus stay in your seats!" Naturally, the pews emptied, followed by the choir. The deacons ran out the door, followed by the choir director and the assistant pastor. After a few moments, there were only three people left sitting in the church. The preacher was holding steady in the pulpit. The men put their weapons away and said, gently, to the preacher, "All right, pastor, the hypocrites are gone now. You may begin the service."
What's the difference between Batman and a black man? Batman can go out at night without Robin.
This morning, my son farted in church I made him sit in his own pew.
OCD A Stanford Medical research group advertised for participants in a study of obsessive-compulsive disorder. They were looking for therapy clients who had been diagnosed with this disorder. The response was gratifying; they got 300 responses the day after the ad came out. All from the same person.
So an oxygen molecule walks into a bar... [biochem joke] and goes up to the bar and orders a drink. As the bartender hands the Oxygen it's drink he notices the small molecule petrified with fear. He notices this and quickly realizes hemoglobin sitting alone in a corner booth with an obvious attraction to oxygen. The bartender looks and says to Oxygen "Don't worry, he's totally heme-less".
Old couple An elderly couple were enjoying the evening by swinging on the front porch and looking at the beautiful sunset. After a few minutes the ole lady reaches over and knocks the hell out of the ole man who goes flying off the porch and into the bushes. The old man slowly gets up and makes his way back to his seat next to his wife on the swing. He sits there for a few minutes and then asks: "What was that for?" She replies: "That's for having a small one!" few more minutes go by and the old man reaches over and knocks the hell out of his wife, who also goes flying off the porch and into the bushes. She slowly gets up and makes her way back to her seat next to her husband. She sits here a few minutes and then asks. "What was that for?" He replies: "That's for knowing there was more than one size."
So a quadriplegic amputee went... Absolutely nowhere.
I'll always remember Granddad's last words to me... "WHAT'RE YOU DOING IN HERE WITH THAT HAMMER?"
What do you call a blonde on a college campus? A visitor
Indian Fruit One day there were three guys wandering through a forest.After a couple hours Indians attack them and knock them out.The next day they all wake up in a tent with their hands tied behind their back.The Indian chief tells them that they need to go out into the forest and return with 10 kinds of 1 fruit and that if they try to run away they will hunt them down and kill them. The first guy returns with grapes the Indian Chief tells him to shove them up his butt hole and if he shows any expression they will slaughter him.When he got to the 9th grape he started crying.The Indians then killed him. An hour passes and the second comes with 10 apples the Indian Chief tells him to do the same as the other guy He gets to the 9th one then he bursts out in laughter.The Indians quickly kill him as well. The 2 guys meet up in heaven the first guy said "Why did you start laughing? You could have escaped!" The second guy said "I saw the third guy coming back with Pine Apples!
How many babies does it take to paint a wall? Depends how hard you throw them.
So two people are about to have sex for the first time and the lady says, "Unfortunately I have small boobs, is that alright with you?" To which the male replies, "Yea it's alright, I have a dick like a baby." After the sex the lady exclaims, "You have the biggest penis I have ever seen in my life, Why did you say it was like a baby?" "It is. 9 pounds 6 ounces and a foot in height."
Hey guys Someone needs to wake up green day.
Careful girls... fat guys just want to get into your pantries.
Sex with a Ghost A visiting professor at Florida State University is giving a seminar on the supernatural. To get a feel for his audience, he asks: "How many people here believe in ghosts?" About 90 students raise their hands. "Well that's a good start. Out of those of you who believe in ghosts, do any of you think you've ever seen a ghost?" About 40 students raise their hands. "That's really good. I'm really glad you take this seriously. Has anyone here ever talked to a ghost? 15 students raise their hands. "That's a great response. Has anyone here ever touched a ghost?" Three students raise their hands. "That's fantastic. But let me ask you one question further.....Have any of you ever made love to a ghost?" One student in the back raises his hand. The professor is astonished. He takes off his glasses, takes a step back, and says, "Son, all the years I've been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have slept with a ghost. You've got to come up here and tell us about your experience." The redneck student replies with a nod and a grin, and begins to make his way up to the podium. The professor says, "Well, tell us what it's like to have sex with a ghost." The student replies, "Ghost? Damn..... From back there I thought you said 'goats'!"
What do cats eat for breakfast? Mice Krispies.
Klondike bars, Hitler did it for one
One day a nurse is giving a woman in a coma a sponge bath and notices the heartbeat change slightly when the sponge was in her crotch. Excitedly, she goes to the phone and calls the woman's husband and tells him to come to the hospital. When he gets there the nurse tells him that she thinks that his wife could be helped perhaps by a little bit of oral sex, that maybe it is crazy but it just might work. The man goes into his wife's booth. A couple of minutes later her heartbeat flat-lines. The man walks out, and the nurse stunned asks "What happened?" The man replies "I think she choked"
Tornado warnings are active for Cleveland, Ohio. Residents are invited to seek shelter in Cleveland Browns Stadium where there is no chance of a touchdown.
(Thought of this tonight) I saw my cat go under the porch. I thought it might give birth. Then it became a parent.
Why did the little girl drop her ice cream? She got hit by a bus. Sequel: Why did the little girl's sister drop her ice cream? Someone threw a fridge at her.
A Japanese man, a British man, an American man, and a Mexican man go skydiving together... A Japanese man, a British man, an American man, and a Mexican man go skydiving together. As they reach the intended height, the intructor says, "One by one, strap on your parachutes and jump out." The Japanese man gets up, straps on his parachute, and jumps out, yelling "Remember the Emperor!" Next, the British man gets up, straps on his parachute, and jumps out, yelling "Remember the Queen!" Then the American man gets up, grabs the Mexican man up out of his seat, and tosses him out of the plane, yelling "Remember the Alamo!"
Thumb sucking My missus asked me to help her stop sucking her thumb, so I drew a cock on it
A man dies and goes to hell and this demon starts showing him around; you know, the pool, the hotel, whatever. They get to talking, and the demon asks: Hey, do you like to drink? The guy answers "Ya, I love drinking" The demon replies: You're going to love mondays. On monday, we drink from morning to night. We have wine from france, vodka from poland, rhum from the caribbean, all the best drinks in the world...And, the best part is, you can drink all you want and can't die of alcohol poisoning, since you're already dead. he continues: Hey, did you like smoking? the guy answers "ya, of course, I used to smoke all the time" So the demon tells him: "then you're going to love tuesdays. Tuesday, we smoke from morning to night. We have spanish cigarettes, dominican cigarillos, cuban cigars, everything you can think of, and the best part is, you can't get lung cancer and die since you're already dead. Oh, by the way, do you like gambling? The guy goes "Wow, really? I used to gamble all the time" so the demon tells him: you're going to love wednesdays. On wednesday, we gamble from morning to night. We have dealers from monte carlo, strippers from vegas, all the best games you can think of. And the best part is, if you borrow money and blow it all, nobody can kill you since you're already dead! Oh, by the way, do you like drugs? The guy answers "sure, I used to do drugs every so often" The demon tells him : Well then, you're going to love thursdays. On thursday, we do drugs from morning to night. We have mexican pot and moroccan hash, afghani opium and american LSD. We have all the best drugs you can imagine, and the best part is you can't OD and die since you're already dead. The demon then continues: Oh, by the way, you don't happen to be gay, do you? The guy answers: no, sorry The demon tells him : damn, you're going to hate fridays...
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandpa. Not yelling and screaming, like the people in his car
What's the worst part about viewing porn on a windows computer? The sticky keys.
The french invented a new bulletproof vest That is just as efficient as a regular one but much cheaper: it only covers the soldiers' backs
What Does a Duck Smoke? ( _)&gt;- **Quack** (_)
How do you get 100 babies into a bucket... With a blender How do you get them out again? With tortilla chips
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick in you ass.
Mechanic Hey, have you ever heard of that hard working car mechanic that specializes in engines and the back of cars? They say he gets very exhausted.
Jehovah Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween; I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their doors.
A Gynecologist walks into an exam room Gynecologist walks into an exam room. The woman on the exam table shows the doctor two strange green dots, one on each inner thigh. Puzzled at first, the doctor examines them more closely. He then asks the woman "Would you happen to be a lesbian?" The woman answers "Why, yes, but I don't see what that has to do with these dots!" The doctor replied.. "Tell your girlfriend to get some REAL gold earrings!"
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers? Well hung.
What does a Seal drink at a bar? Anything but Canadian Club..
I don't like abbreviations. I'm a real abbreviations National Socialist.
A Scotsman's Legacy A young man is backpacking through Scotland and decides to stop in a little pub out in the middle of nowhere. There are only two other people in the bar, the bartender and an old man sitting at the counter nursing a beer. He take a seat at a stool a couple down from the old man and orders a pint. After awhile the old man breaks the silence and turns to him... "You see this here bar. I built this bar with me own two hands. Went out and found the finest trees, chopped them down meself. Sheared their trunks into planks of wood. Planned the surface till it was smother than a baby behind. Gave it more love and tender care than my own child. But do they call me McGregor the Bar Builder? No..." He gestures out the window. "Lad, look out there to the field. Do you see that wall over there? I built that wall with me own two hands. Searched high and low for the right stones. Spent months piling and stacking them so they fit just right. But do they call me McGregor the Wall Builder? Nooo.." He gestures out the window again. "Look out upon that lake. Do you see the pier? I built that pier with me own two hands. Toiled against wind and rain and tide to drive the pilings into the sand. Poured me blood and sweat and the strength of my body into nailing every board down. But do they call me McGregor the Pier Builder? No..." "But you fuck one goat..."
So it's the first of October. I wonder if anyone remembered to wake Green Day up?
An American businessman on a business trip in Japan meets this beautiful Japanese girl at a bar. She hardly understands any English and he tries his best to communicate with her using sign language. She is very amused. They both end up in bed together and "get it on"! It's pretty dark in the room and all the guy hears is the girl screaming "TSING TO"!!!! To him it sounded something like "Fuck yeah" so he kept going all night long. The next day at a golf court: A potential Japanese client shoots a hole in one. The American then takes his chance to make use of his newly learned language skills and yells "TSING TO"!!!! The Japanese businessman then replies: "What do you mean wrong hole"?
At a recent job interview What would you consider to be your main weaknesses and strengths? Well my main weakness would be my issues with reality, telling what's real from what's not. And your strengths? I'm Batman.
Guy on his deathbed So there is a guy lying in bed. He is catholic and a celtics fan. He's lying in bed, he's totally dying. He has very little time left. All his family ask him, "Any last request?" And the guy's like, 'Aye, I wanna become a proddy (Protestant). And the family are like "What? Really what?" And he says, "Honestly, that's really what i want to do." So they get a minister in and he converts him. He converts him to a Protestant and rangers fan. And the family ask "Why would you do that?" "Because see if i die, that's one less proddy bastard to worry about."
Why do southern girls get pregnant so much more than northern girls? Because it takes them so much longer to say "Kaaa-WIT!"
The Pope walks into a Mosque. The imam says "Why the wrong faith?"
Remember those days when using "protection" meant wearing your helmet?
The two troublemakers A couple had two little mischievous boys, ages 8 and 10. They were always getting into trouble, and their parents knew that if any mischief occurred in their town, their sons would get the blame. The boys' mother heard that a clergyman in town had been successful in disciplining children, so she asked if he would speak with her boys. The clergyman agreed and asked to see them individually. So, the mother sent her 8-year-old first, in the morning, with the older boy to see the clergyman in the afternoon. The clergyman, a huge man with a booming voice, sat the younger boy down and asked him sternly, "Where is God?" They boy's mouth dropped open, but he made no response, sitting there with his mouth hanging open. The clergyman repeated the question. "Where is God?" Again, the boy made no attempt to answer. So, the clergyman raised his voice some more and shook his finger in the boy's face and bellowed, "Where is God!?" The boy screamed and bolted from the room. He ran directly home and dove into his closet, slamming the door behind him. When his older brother found him in the closet, he asked, "What happened?" The younger brother, gasping for breath, replied: "We are in real BIG trouble this time! God is missing, and they think we did it!"
Show Jumping Some people call it "Show Jumping" I like to call it *Sarah Jessica Parkour*
Euro-English The European Commission has just announced an agreement whereby English will be the official language of the European Union rather than German, which was the other possibility. As part of the negotiations, the British Government conceded that English spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5-year phase-in plan that would become known as "Euro-English". In the first year, "s" will replace the soft "c". Sertainly, this will make the sivil servants jump with joy. The hard "c" will be dropped in favour of "k". This should klear up konfusion, and keyboards kan have one less letter. There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome "ph" will be replaced with "f". This will make words like fotograf 20% shorter. In the 3rd year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments will enkourage the removal of double letters which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling. Also, al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent "e" in the languag is disgrasful and it should go away. By the 4th yer people wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" with "z" and "w" with "v". During ze fifz yer, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou" and after ziz fifz yer, ve vil hav a reil sensi bl riten styl. Zer vil be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech oza. Ze drem of a united urop vil finali kum tru. Und efter ze fifz yer, ve vil al be speking German like zey vunted in ze forst plas.
What's Brown and rhymes with "snoop"? Dr Dre.......
A pilgrim is walking through the woods when he comes across a hungry bear.... ...the pilgrim then drops to his knees on the trail and claspes his hands together to pray for salvation. To his surprise . . . so did the bear! Greatly heartened by this, the pilgrim then began to pray. "Oh, Heavenly Father, please let this be a Christian bear! I don't want to be eaten by those evil nasty devil bears!" And the bear, to the great shock of the pilgrim, began to pray, too! Kneeling there on the side of the road across from the pilgrim, paws clasped together, the bear prayed, "Oh, Heavenly Father! For this meal, which we are about to receive . . . we give thanks."
Wonder Woman is a hottie... One day superman was flying around a city high in the sky. He glances down to see Wonder Woman laying on top of a building. On closer inspection he realized that she is butt naked with her legs spread wide open. Superman thinks to himself "you know, I am faster than a speeding bullet, I bet I could go down there and fuck her so fast she wouldn't even know what happened." So he does it. Right after, Wonder Woman says "what the fuck was that?" The Invisible man on top of her says "I don't know, but jesus my asshole hurts."
An iphone user walks into a bar, a hotel, or a field. He's not too sure
What do you call a cow's mate? Its significant *udder*.
How do you get a touchdown at Penn State? Introduce a boy with Down's Syndrom to Jerry Sandusky.
Old man in the mall I was at the mall the other day eating at the food court. I noticed an old man watching a teenager sitting next to him. The teenager had spiked hair in all different colors: green, red, orange, and blue.The old man kept staring at him. The teenager would look and find the old man staring every time. When the teenager had enough, he sarcastically asked, "What's the matter old man, never done anything wild in your life?"The old man did not bat an eye in his response, "Got drunk once and had sex with a peacock. I was just wondering if you were my son."
The importance of never being late A priest celebrates his 25th anniversary as head of a small congregation in a small village in rural America. The mayor was supposed to hold a speech at the beginning, but as always he had more important matters at hand. So the priest started with his speech. 'I know how disturbed I was 25years ago when I came to this village. The first man to confess, I will not name him, told me that he cheated on his wife and had 5 children with his affaire...' As the priest came to an end the mayor arrived and started his speech: 'I still know I had the honour to be the first one to confess to Father Anderson...'
Someday Kevin Bacon will become a restauranteur... He could open up a steakhouse called *Hoof-Loose*.
The seven dwarves request an audience with the pope... The pope says, "now, what can I do for you boys?" Doc comes forward and Dopey shuffles along behind him, looking at the floor. "Pope," says Doc, "We got a question to ask you. D'ya have any dwarf nuns?" "Well," says the Pope, who apparently knows all the nuns in the world, "No, no, I don't think we do." "Do you have any *midget* nuns?" "No, No midget nuns, either." "Well, alright, Your Popeness, sir, do you have any nuns under, say, 4 feet tall?" The Pope thinks about this for a second. Finally, "No, I don't think so. Sister Mary Michael is the shortest nun, and she's 4 foot 3." Well, the dwarfs are all visibly disappointed to hear this news. Dopey in particular seems especially upset. "Boys," says the Pope, "This has been one of the strangest Papal audiences I've ever given. Can you tell me what this is about?" Doc puts an arm around Dopey and looks up into the Pope's eyes. "Pope, Dopey fucked a penguin."
The Pope's son An actor and his wife are about to have a baby, but they realize that they can't afford to have a baby. They didn't want to go through the long process that is adoption. However, the pope was there at the same hospital getting a prostate examination. The actor has a plan, after the baby is born, the actor steals a doctor's coat and sneaks into the room where the pope was getting examined. After the doctors leave the room, he walks in holding the baby and exclaims, "Congratulations, it's a boy!" Startled and confused, the pope accepts the child and brings him back to Italy. The child grows into a God fearing man, someone that the pope would be proud of. One day, the son walks up to pope and asks, "Are you my real father?" The pope, looks down at his feet for a moment, then looks up and says, "Forgive me my child, for I am not your father." His son then asks, "Do you know who is?" The pope answers, "Yes, it's the Archbishop. I'm your mother."
A Japanese man wished to join the knights of England. The recruitment official turned him away, however, stating that there can not be any chinks in their knights' armor.
A man walks into a bar, who is blatantly drunk. He walks up to the bartender and orders a drink. The bartender looks at him and says "Sorry bud we don't serve drunks. So the man gets out of his chair and walks out the side door and then goes back in the front door. He orders another drink. Bartender looks at him and goes "sorry bud we don't serve drunks." The drunk pissed off gets up and walks out the back door then back in the front door again. He then proceeded to order another drink. The bartender fed up looks at the man and says "Listen this is the last time I am going to tell you. We DON'T serve drunks." The drunk looks at him and says, "How many damn bars do you work at!?"
Funny Spanish joke with english explanation My mom told me this one. Un pinareno va al blockbuster a rentar una pelicula. Asere estoy buscando una pelicula que me dijeron que es buenisima y se llama Tu Culo es un Parque clerk: que?! Como se llama? Guy: Tu Culo es un parque! No la conoces? Me dicen que es buenisima y famosa. Clerk: estas seguro que se llama tu Culo es un parque? Guy: Si! Me la dijeron en ingles "Jur-ass-is-park" tu Culo es un parque! EXPLANATION A Pinareno is basically the Cuban blonde joke. In Miami there are a shit ton of Cubans so everyday life is pretty funny since you come across funny pronounciations due to the broken English. Also, Cuban people are very proud and confident and speaking English for them is a big deal and they show it off all the time. The joke is that the guy heard someone say Jurassic Park is a good movie but they said it in English. So when he went to rent it he wanted to show off his English skills and tried to translate Jurassic park but instead he translated "your ass is a park" or "tu Culo es un parque" its pretty freaking hilarious if your a Cuban American living in Miami...
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts.
Amish elevator(it's an older joke) A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, 'What is this Father?' The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is.' While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, [a fat old lady in a wheel chair](http://i.imgur.com/uWrmB.jpg) moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number ...and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a [gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out](http://imgur.com/EJ5Et). The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son..... 'Go get your Mother'
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
stolen from dave allen Imagine if you will you are at a man's house having your way with his wife and he comes home early and catches you. And he says "Carry On" and you can
How do you get your wife to listen to every word without interrupting? Talk in your sleep.
Craigslist A man placed an ad on his local craigslist: "Wife wanted". Next day he received a hundred letters. They all said the same thing: "You can have mine."
Why isn't energy made of atoms? It doesn't matter (go ahead and down vote :P)
Pissing on the bar A guy is hanging out at a bar late one night. He walks up to the bartender and says, "I can piss father and more accurately than anyone in the world. I bet you $100 that I can piss into a glass you put at the other end of the bar without spilling a drop." The bartender looks at him skeptically, but decides that there is no way the patron could possibly piss that far and that this would be an easy $100 from this drunk. He grabs a glass and puts it at the far end of the bar and tells the man, "it's a deal". The drunk climbs up on top of the bar and pulls out his dick and starts to piss. He begins to let loose and is clearly straining hard to get distance but he is still falling way short, getting piss all over the bar and even splashing all over the bar tender. The bartender is laughing hard and shaking his first in sarcastic support as the drunk shakes his dick wildly as he attempts get all the distance possible. Finally finished the man climbs off the bar and the bartender throws up a triumphant fist as he smiles and tells the man to pay up. The drunk walks over to the table from where came, gets handed $100 each from the 8 men at the table and then walks back to the bar and hands the bartender his $100. Confused, the bartender asks the drunk, "What just happened over there?" to which the drunk replies, "I bet them $100 each that I could walk over, piss all over the bar and all over you, and that you would be happy about it".
A man came into the emergency room with six plastic toy horses in his ass... The doctors say his condition is stable.
My friends butler lost his left arm in an accident serves him right.
Nerdy joke What did the web server told the browser? My &lt;BODY&gt; is ready. What did the browser answer? Please give me &lt;HEAD&gt; first.
Honeymoon After the three day torrid honeymoon, the young couple finally came out and go to the hotel restaurant. After they sit down, a waiter comes over. the new husband looks at his new bride and says "You know what I really feel like having?" "Well sure," she blushes "but we gotta eat sometime!"
When heaven was full... God ordered the angel at the gate to only let people in who have died horrible deaths into heaven. So the angel asked the first man who came up, "How did you die?" The first man replied, "You see, I was coming home from work early this day because I suspected my wife of cheating on me, and I wanted to catch her in the act. So I came home to our apartment, on the 3rd floor mind you, and on my way up, I heard a lot of scuffling. When I got in my wife argued that no one else has been home, but of course I didn't believe her. I checked everywhere, the bedroom, the closet, under the couch, the kitchen, but I couldn't find I sign of anybody. I walk outside to our balcony and wouldn't you guess it, there's a pair of hand hanging off the side! I become suddenly enraged I begin to wail on the man's hands, and the guy holds on for a long time. I grab a nearby hammer and smash his fingers and he finally let's go, but the ass lands in the bush without any problems, so I rush into the kitchen and grab the refrigerator. I carry it outside and lob it over the edge to crush the guy, and as I step back I'm sure my heart burst from over-exertion." "Wow," the angel replies, "you can come in." Then a second man comes up, and the angel says, "OK, how did you die?" The man replies, "You see, I was having a nice day off from work on my fourth floor apartment, and I woke up late and was about to head out to a lunch with friends. I walk outside to my balcony and come my hair after getting dressed, when suddenly a bird flies in my face! I was so startled I fell off the side, but luckily for me I caught on to the balcony right below me. I hang there for a few seconds and suddenly the man, instead of helping me up, begins attacking my hands! I didn't know what to do, I held on as long as I could, until the guy brought out a hammer and started smashing my hands! I gave in a finally let go, but luckily for me I landed in some bushes below me and was unharmed. Then, out of nowhere a fridge lands on me!" "Wow, alright then, you can come in," says the angel. Then a third man walks up to the angel, "Alright, and how did you die?" The man begins to explain, "Alright, so get this, I was hiding in a refrigerator..."
My friend's star sign was cancer, so I guess it's quite ironic how he died. He got attacked by a giant crab.
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think we care.
Im thinking about being a dish for halloween. Bitches love doing dishes.
So a guy walks in on his daughter masterbating with a cucumber. "SICK!" he said. "I was going to eat that.... Now it's going to taste like cucumber."
3 brewery presidents walk into a bar... 3 brewery presidents walk into a bar. One from Corona, Coors and Guinness. The president from Corona says to the bartender, "Give me a Corona, the best Mexico has to offer" and the bartender hands him one. Next, the Coors president orders a Coors saying "Hand me the only beer in the world made with water fresh from the Colorado Rockies." Then the Guinness president walks up to the bar and orders a Coca Cola. The bartender, a bit taken aback, hands him what he orders. The other brewery presidents turn to him and say, "Why didn't you order a Guinness?" He replies, "Well, i figured if you guys weren't ordering beers, why should I?"
A man wanted a dog... A man wanted a puppy to cuddle with during the night, so he went to Fresno to buy one. However, he couldn't decide which type of dog he wanted, so he decided to ask the lady for help in choosing the dog. "Hi, can you help me choose a dog?" "Ok, which gender dog do you want: male or female?" "Bitch please."
so reddit here is a couple dead baby jokes. (feel free to comment your own :D) what is more dramatic then 10 dead babies stapled to a tree? 1 baby stapled to 10 trees. what did the baby say to the wall? nothing it died on impact why did the chicken cross the road? to get to the other side! so why did the baby cross the road? because it was stapled to the chicken! how do you get rid of a baby? put it in a blender how do you conceal the evidence? grab a bowl of nachos!
Santa's bad day When four of Santa's elves got sick, the trainee elves did not produce toys as fast as the regular ones, and Santa began to feel the pre-Christmas pressure. Then Mrs. Claus told Santa her Mother was coming to visit, which stressed Santa even more. When he went to harness the reindeer, he found that three of them were about to give birth and two others had jumped the fence and were gone, heaven knows where. Then when he began to load the sleigh, one of the floorboards cracked, the toy bag fell to the ground and all the toys were scattered. Frustrated, Santa went in the house for a cup of apple cider and a shot of rum. When he went to the cupboard, he discovered the elves had finished the cider and the liquor. In his frustration, he accidentally dropped the liquor bottle, and it broke into hundreds of little glass pieces all over the kitchen floor. He went to get the broom and found the mice had eaten all the straw off the end of the broom. Just then the doorbell rang, and an irritated Santa stomped to the door, yanked it open, and there stood a little angel with a great big Christmas tree. The angel said very cheerfully, 'Merry Christmas, Santa. Isn't this a lovely day? I have a beautiful tree for you. Where would you like me to stick it?' And so began the tradition of the little angel on top of the Christmas tree.
"That's a sexy little outfit you're wearing," I said. "I bet you want my cock in you." "Dave," my wife said, "do you know I can hear you on the baby monitor?"
What did Cinderella say when she sat on Pinocchio's face? Tell me a lie. Tell me the truth. Tell me a lie. Tell me the truth. Tell me a lie...
So, a cheerleader walks into a Starbucks... and shouts, "gimme a tea!"
Deer Season Seven guys have been going to the same deer camp for many years. Two days before the group is to leave, Kevin's wife puts her foot down and tells him he isn't going. Kevin's friends are very upset that he can't go, but what can they do? Two days later the six get to the camping site only to find Kevin sitting there with his gear set up, firewood gathered, and dinner cooking on the stove. "Dang man, how long you been here, and how did you talk Melissa into letting you go?" "Well, I've been here since yesterday. Yesterday evening, I was sitting in my chair at home and Melissa came up behind me and put her hands over my eyes and said, 'guess who?' I pulled her hands off, and she was wearing a brand new nightie. She took my hand and pulled me to our bedroom. The room had candles and rose petals all over. On the bed she had handcuffs, and ropes! She told me to tie and cuff her to the bed, and I did. And then she said, "Do whatever you want." So, here I am.
The tale of the Golden Urinal A guy comes home completely drunk one night. He lurches through the door and is met by his scowling wife, who is most definitely not happy. "Where the hell have you been all night?" she demands. "At this fantastic new bar," he says. "The Golden Saloon. Everything there is golden. It's got huge golden doors, a golden floor, the works, even the urinal's are gold!" The wife still doesn't believe his story, and the next day checks the phone book, finding a place across town called the Golden Saloon. She calls up the place to check her husband's story. "Is this the Golden Saloon?" she asks when the bartender answers the phone."Yes it is," bartender answers. "Do you have huge golden doors?" "Sure do." "Do you have golden floors?" "Most certainly do." "What about golden urinals?" There's a long pause, then the woman hears the bartender yelling, "Hey, Duke, I think I got a lead on the guy that peed in your saxophone last night!"
Fascinate A teacher asked her class a question, "Who can use the word fascinate in a sentence?" One student raised her hand. "I am fascinated by trains!" "No" said the teacher, "fascinATE not fascinated." Another student raised his hand. "I find bugs fascinating!" "No" said the teacher, "fascinATE not fascinating." The troublemaker of the class named Billy raised his hand. "Yes Billy can you use the word fascinate in a sentence?" "Sure can!" Said Billy. "I was walking down the street yesterday and I saw a woman with the biggest breasts I have ever seen, and she had ten buttons on her blouse but she could only fasten eight."
So i was sitting on the bus... ... next to this really hot Thai girl and i thought to myself, "Please don't get an erection. Please don't get an erection." ...But she did.
What's the worst thing about kidnapping and raping a young child to death in a dark alley? Getting blood all over your clown suit
Thank god Mr. Marlow was strolling through the country when he saw a stable with the most beautiful horse he ever laid eyes on. It was seventeen hands high and white, with rippling muscles and a fine, flowing mane. Mr. Marlow struck a deal to buy it from the owner who did, however, pass on one key piece of information. "We are a religious family, Mr.Marlow, and we've instilled those values in our horse. To get him to gallop you must say 'Thank God' to get him to stop you must say 'Our Father Who Art in Heaven," Settling into the saddle, Marlow said " Thank God," and the animal took off. They rode for miles; suddenly they were coming up to a cliff. Unfortunately, Marlow couldn't remember the phrase to make the animal stop and tried every Biblical passage he could think of until, just a few feet from the edge of the cliff, he shouted, " Our Father Who Art in Heaven! The animal stopped instantly. Shaking and perspiring, Marlow reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief. "Thank God," he said as he mopped his brow...
Another tale from the bar. A priest, a rabbi, a minister, a monkey, and a duck walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, some kind of a joke?"
Musical Contradiction Piano is my forte.
What is Tony Romo's favorite lottery game? Pick Six
Apparently, I've got Rationalitis. I wouldn't know if it weren't for the check-up; it's asymptotic.
What do you call a large bread disco? [deleted]
Engineering students An engineer was crossing a road one day when a frog called out to him and said, "If you kiss me, I'll turn into a beautiful princess". He bent over, picked up the frog and put it in his pocket. The frog spoke up again and said, "If you kiss me and turn me back into a beautiful princess, I will stay with you for one week." The engineer took the frog out of his pocket, smiled at it and returned it to the pocket. The frog then cried out, "If you kiss me and turn me back into a princess, I'll stay with you and do ANYTHING you want." Again the engineer took the frog out, smiled at it and put it back into his pocket. Finally, the frog asked, "What is the matter? I've told you I'm a beautiful princess, that I'll stay with you for a week and do anything you want. Why won't you kiss me?" The engineer said, "Look I'm an engineer. I don't have time for a girlfriend, but a talking frog, now that's cool."
Overheard in the nucleus... Q: Are you sure you're a proton? A: Yes, I'm positive.
I have CDO. It's like OCD, except the letters are all arranged in flawless, perfect alphabetical order... AS THEY SHOULD BE.
Did you guys hear about the gay truckers? They traded loads
The Birds and the Bees A boy hears weird noises coming from his parent's bedroom at night. In the morning he asks them what the noise was about last night. His dad replies, "son, we were making cake". The next morning, the son comes downstairs and excitedly asks his parents if they were making cake last night. His dad replies "well yes, how did you know?". The kid replies, "well dad, I licked the frosting off the bed."
"Mom, I don't like my little brother." "Then just eat the vegetables."
Jake and Dennis were joking it up and getting drunk at the football game... [nsfw-ish...I guess] ...when Jake turned around and thought he saw a woman sitting about ten rows behind them with her legs spread open and black pubic hair showing deep between them. "Jesus, God, Dennis, get a load of that broad back there with her pussy hairs showing!" Dennis craned around and focused on the woman. "You're a drunk mess of a skunk's asshole, Jake. Them ain't pussy hairs, them's black lace panties." "Pussy hairs." "Black lace panties." "Pussy hairs!" "Black lace panties!" Well they decided to wager a week's pay on their opinions and that Jake, since he had seen her first and was the one most likely to make it up to the beer concession and back, should do just that and get a closer look between the woman's legs as he passed. When he came back he sat down looking a little green around the gills. "Well, did I win?" asked Dennis. "Is it black lace panties?" "Nope." "Oh shit, you mean them's pussy hairs?" "Nope." "Well, if it ain't black lace panties and it ain't pussy hairs, what is it?" "Flies."
What's the definition of vagina? The box a penis comes in ;)
Difference between erotic and perverted You can be erotic by gently stroking your girlfriend with a feather. But its perverted if you take the whole goose to do it.
Let's make this bar joke week. Here's one to start: A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
What did the bartender say when oxygen, hydrogen, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorous walked into his bar? OH SNaP!
What sport are Mexicans best at? Cross country.
After the resurrection, Jesus was hanging out with Peter, fishing....... Jesus says, "I feel like performing a miracle. What should I do?" Peter says, "How about the walking-on-water gig?" Jesus agrees, steps out of the boat, and slowly starts sinking as he walks around. Peter helps him back into the boat and asks, "Why didn't it work this time?" Jesus replies, "I'm not sure, maybe it's the holes in my feet."
What do you get when you give a head of lettuce to an epileptic? A seizure salad.
....and then he got really angry.... So I rear-ended a car this morning. I pulled over as did the car in front of me and I see the driver getting out of his car. I am freakin' out and nervous and then look and can't believe what m looking at. I had hit a midget...or dwarf, whatever the proper term is. He looks pissed and starts walking towards me so I start to get out of my car to exchange info, etc No joke, first thing the dude screams at me is, "I AM NOT HAPPY!" So I look down at him and say .. "Well, which one are you then?" ....and then he got really angry....
What is the difference between an epileptic oyster-shucker &amp; a prostitute with diarrhea? The epileptic oyster-shucker SHUCKS between FITS.
I hear its great for your skin! A woman is reading through a magazine. She comes across an article that says "if you take a bath in milk it gives you softer more supple skin." She decides it is a good idea so she leaves a note on her door for the milkman to leave her 25 gallons of milk. The milkman shows up and says "ma'am you sure its not 2.5 gallons?" She says "no 25 is right". The milkman said " may I asked what your going to do with 25 gallons of milk?" She replied " I am going to take a bath in it." The milkman then said " ok, do you want that pasteurize?". She said" no just get it up to my nipples I can splash it on my face from there."
What's the difference between Obama supporters and Romney supporters? Romney supporters sign their checks on the front. Obama supporters sign their checks on the back.
You know what they say about people with big brains, right? "You have a severe case of meningitis."
The Rooster There was this farmer who had a bunch of chickens but he couldn't ever get any rooster that would have sex with the chickens. So when he was in town one day, he told some people about his problem and one guy said, "I've got a rooster I can sell you, and he'll screw every last one of your chickens." The farmer says, "Okay, I guess I'll give him a try." So he buys the rooster, brings him back to his farm and puts him with the chickens. As soon as he lets the rooster out, he starts banging chicken after chicken after chicken. The farmer is happy that he finally solved his problem so he goes up to the house and goes to bed. The next day, the farmer goes down to the farm and the rooster is out on the farm screwing all the other animals. The farmer thinks to himself, "That damn rooster is going to fuck himself to death." So the next day when the farmer comes out to check on the farm, the rooster is laying down in the middle of a field on his back. So the farmer walks over to him bends over, looks at him and says, "I was right, you done went and fucked yourself to death." As soon as he says that, the rooster opens one eye and says, "Shhh, the buzzards are circling."
The waiter said... The waiter said "For starters there's badger soup, followed by roast badger and finishing with badger mousse." "Is there anything else apart from badger?" I asked. "No", he replied. "It's a sett menu."
What did Syd Barrett leave in his mother's bathroom? A saucerful of secretions
What is your favorite Joke? I'll start with mine A young man named david had recently asked the love of his life out on a date for dinner and a movie and hopefully a little bit of fun at her place afterward. this was all well and good, despite one small issue. david had never "been" with a women before. To get past this dilemma, he asked his father to secretely follow the couple as the went on their date and text him with advice. The night was going smoothly, as david took her out for dinner, his father sending messages such as "make sure you foot the bill" and "pull her chair out for her when she arrives at the table." After this they headed to the movies, and sure enough texts such as "pretend to yawn and put your arm around her" followed from his father. Finally David made it to his special ladies house and things were getting hot and heavy. Little did david know, his sweetheart's plumming had not been working for the past few weeks and so she had been doing her "business" in a shoebox next to her bed. The couple was going through to bedroom when david stepped into the soiled shoe-box. Looking down david shrieked "AARGH! THERE'S SHIT IN THE BOX!" within a flash his phone went of and there was a text message from his father which read: "Turn her over dave! Turn her over!"
How do you titillate an ocelot? You oscillate its tit a lot!
You know what the difference between an SUV and a rental car is? You can take a rental car *anywhere*.
What do you call a slutty camera? A loose Canon.
How many Police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they are too busy beating the shit out the room for being black.
A drunk wandering around the alley at night... (...) when in front of him appeared a nun, all dressed in nun clothes. The drunk then starts raging on the nun, kicking and punching her all over. When he finished her and knocked her out with a round house kick he looked down and screamed: C'mon BATMAN! C'MON! REACT! LET's FIGHT!!
Two Roosters A farmer had an old rooster. He wanted a young lively one to mate with the hens, so the farmer went out and bought one. As soon as the young rooster was set loose the old rooster came over and said "What are you doing here?". The young rooster said in reply "I was brought here to screw all of your hens." The old rooster didn't like this and said "Well listen, here is the deal, I'll race you around the hen house and if you win then I'll never bother you again and you can have all the hens you want. But since I'm old you have to give me a head start." The young rooster, being cocky agreed and they went to start the race. The old rooster began running and once it got to the end of the hen house the young rooster started and was quickly catching up. The young rooster was just behind the older one when suddenly there was a loud *BANG* and the young rooster fell to the ground. The farmer came walking up and said angrily "Looks like I bought another queer rooster!".
On a scale of Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky... ...how much do you like kids?
What is the difference between a football player and a new pimp? The football player *kicks* *punts.*
Beer drinkers In Amsterdam, a world wide convention of brewers was held. The presidents of many of the world's greatest breweries were on hand, and many of them decided to go out for dinner together on the first evening. The waiter asked what they would like to drink, and the CEO of Miller said, "The Best Beer in the world, an MGD please!" The president of Budweiser asked for "The King of Beers, make it a Bud!". Adolph Coors requested a "From mountain spring water, the clearest beer, a Coors if you don't mind." And so it went around the large table, each president asking for the brew from his own company as if it was the best. Finally, the waiter came to Arthur Guinness. "And you sir?" he queried. "I'll have a Coke!" was Guinness's reply. "A Coke??!?" The waiter was shocked. "Wouldn't you rather have a Guinness, sir?" Arthur looked at the waiter, and gestured to his companions. "Well," he said, "If they're not drinking beer, then neither will I!"
Just popped in to say I'm considering switching to Depends. I'm not having a problem, but new underpants everyday!
You want what? While in the playground with his friend, Little Johnny noticed that Jimmy was wearing a brand new, shiny watch. "Did you get that for your birthday?" asked Little Johnny. "Nope." replied Jimmy. "Well, did you get it for Christmas then?". Again Jimmy says "Nope." "You didn't steal it, did you?" asks Little Johnny. "No," said Jimmy. "I went into Mom and Dad's bedroom the other night when they were 'doing the nasty'. Dad gave me his watch to get rid of me. Little Johnny was extremely impressed with this idea, and extremely jealous of Jimmy's new watch. He vowed to get one for himself. That night, he waited outside his parents' bedroom until he heard the unmistakable noises of lovemaking. Just then, he swung the door wide open and boldly strode into the bedroom. His father, caught in mid stroke, turned and said angrily. "What do you want now?" "I wanna watch," Johnny replied. Without missing a stroke, his father said, "Fine. Stand in the corner and watch, but keep quiet."
If you're not part of the solution, you're either a solid or a gas.
What's the difference between a Women's cross country team and midget geniuses? The midget geniuses are cunning runts.
A flight attendant says to a man... "Would you like headphones?" The man replies, "How did you know my name was Phones?"
What did the cannibal ask for at the cruiseline buffet? The passenger list.
Dumb jokes that are funny. (pt.1) Q: What did the cat eat for breakfast? A: Mice Krispies. Q: What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? A: BANANANAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Q: What game would you play with a wombat? A: Wom. Q: What washes up on tiny beaches? A: Microwaves. Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? A: Because he felt crummy. Q: Why are all the frogs around here dead? A: 'Cause they keep croaking! Q: What do you call a pig that does karate? A: A pork chop. Q: What type of music do mummies listen to? A: Wrap. Q: What do you call a fish with no eye? A: Fsh Q: Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? A: Because it's a little meteor. Q: What do you call a man with no arms or legs who gets into a fight with his cat? A: Claude. Q: Why did the man dump ground beef on his head? A: He wanted a meatier shower! Q: Who does a pharaoh talk to when he's sad? A: His mummy. Q: Have you heard the one about the Corduroy pillow? A: It's making headlines. Im sorry in advance if any of these jokes were a repost, but theres been so many jokes posted on here its impossible to keep track of. Part 2: http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10whp8/dumb_jokes_that_are_funny/
How does the moon cut his hair Eclipse it!
The Longest Joke in the World (Part 1) **Taken from: http://longestjokeintheworld.com/** So, there's a man crawling through the desert. He'd decided to try his SUV in a little bit of cross-country travel, had great fun zooming over the badlands and through the sand, got lost, hit a big rock, and then he couldn't get it started again. There were no cell phone towers anywhere near, so his cell phone was useless. He had no family, his parents had died a few years before in an auto accident, and his few friends had no idea he was out here. He stayed with the car for a day or so, but his one bottle of water ran out and he was getting thirsty. He thought maybe he knew the direction back, now that he'd paid attention to the sun and thought he'd figured out which way was north, so he decided to start walking. He figured he only had to go about 30 miles or so and he'd be back to the small town he'd gotten gas in last. He thinks about walking at night to avoid the heat and sun, but based upon how dark it actually was the night before, and given that he has no flashlight, he's afraid that he'll break a leg or step on a rattlesnake. So, he puts on some sun block, puts the rest in his pocket for reapplication later, brings an umbrella he'd had in the back of the SUV with him to give him a little shade, pours the windshield wiper fluid into his water bottle in case he gets that desperate, brings his pocket knife in case he finds a cactus that looks like it might have water in it, and heads out in the direction he thinks is right. He walks for the entire day. By the end of the day he's really thirsty. He's been sweating all day, and his lips are starting to crack. He's reapplied the sunblock twice, and tried to stay under the umbrella, but he still feels sunburned. The windshield wiper fluid sloshing in the bottle in his pocket is really getting tempting now. He knows that it's mainly water and some ethanol and coloring, but he also knows that they add some kind of poison to it to keep people from drinking it. He wonders what the poison is, and whether the poison would be worse than dying of thirst. He pushes on, trying to get to that small town before dark. By the end of the day he starts getting worried. He figures he's been walking at least 3 miles an hour, according to his watch for over 10 hours. That means that if his estimate was right that he should be close to the town. But he doesn't recognize any of this. He had to cross a dry creek bed a mile or two back, and he doesn't remember coming through it in the SUV. He figures that maybe he got his direction off just a little and that the dry creek bed was just off to one side of his path. He tells himself that he's close, and that after dark he'll start seeing the town lights over one of these hills, and that'll be all he needs. As it gets dim enough that he starts stumbling over small rocks and things, he finds a spot and sits down to wait for full dark and the town lights. Full dark comes before he knows it. He must have dozed off. He stands back up and turns all the way around. He sees nothing but stars. He wakes up the next morning feeling absolutely lousy. His eyes are gummy and his mouth and nose feel like they're full of sand. He so thirsty that he can't even swallow. He barely got any sleep because it was so cold. He'd forgotten how cold it got at night in the desert and hadn't noticed it the night before because he'd been in his car. He knows the Rule of Threes - three minutes without air, three days without water, three weeks without food - then you die. Some people can make it a little longer, in the best situations. But the desert heat and having to walk and sweat isn't the best situation to be without water. He figures, unless he finds water, this is his last day. He rinses his mouth out with a little of the windshield wiper fluid. He waits a while after spitting that little bit out, to see if his mouth goes numb, or he feels dizzy or something. Has his mouth gone numb? Is it just in his mind? He's not sure. He'll go a little farther, and if he still doesn't find water, he'll try drinking some of the fluid. Then he has to face his next, harder question - which way does he go from here? Does he keep walking the same way he was yesterday (assuming that he still knows which way that is), or does he try a new direction? He has no idea what to do. Looking at the hills and dunes around him, he thinks he knows the direction he was heading before. Just going by a feeling, he points himself somewhat to the left of that, and starts walking. As he walks, the day starts heating up. The desert, too cold just a couple of hours before, soon becomes an oven again. He sweats a little at first, and then stops. He starts getting worried at that - when you stop sweating he knows that means you're in trouble - usually right before heat stroke. He decides that it's time to try the windshield wiper fluid. He can't wait any longer - if he passes out, he's dead. He stops in the shade of a large rock, takes the bottle out, opens it, and takes a mouthful. He slowly swallows it, making it last as long as he can. It feels so good in his dry and cracked throat that he doesn't even care about the nasty taste. He takes another mouthful, and makes it last too. Slowly, he drinks half the bottle. He figures that since he's drinking it, he might as well drink enough to make some difference and keep himself from passing out. He's quit worrying about the denaturing of the wiper fluid. If it kills him, it kills him - if he didn't drink it, he'd die anyway. Besides, he's pretty sure that whatever substance they denature the fluid with is just designed to make you sick - their way of keeping winos from buying cheap wiper fluid for the ethanol content. He can handle throwing up, if it comes to that. He walks. He walks in the hot, dry, windless desert. Sand, rocks, hills, dunes, the occasional scrawny cactus or dried bush. No sign of water. Sometimes he'll see a little movement to one side or the other, but whatever moved is usually gone before he can focus his eyes on it. Probably birds, lizards, or mice. Maybe snakes, though they usually move more at night. He's careful to stay away from the movements. After a while, he begins to stagger. He's not sure if it's fatigue, heat stroke finally catching him, or maybe he was wrong and the denaturing of the wiper fluid was worse than he thought. He tries to steady himself, and keep going. After more walking, he comes to a large stretch of sand. This is good! He knows he passed over a stretch of sand in the SUV - he remembers doing donuts in it. Or at least he thinks he remembers it - he's getting woozy enough and tired enough that he's not sure what he remembers any more or if he's hallucinating. But he thinks he remembers it. So he heads off into it, trying to get to the other side, hoping that it gets him closer to the town. He was heading for a town, wasn't he? He thinks he was. He isn't sure any more. He's not even sure how long he's been walking any more. Is it still morning? Or has it moved into afternoon and the sun is going down again? It must be afternoon - it seems like it's been too long since he started out. He walks through the sand. After a while, he comes to a big dune in the sand. This is bad. He doesn't remember any dunes when driving over the sand in his SUV. Or at least he doesn't think he remembers any. This is bad. But, he has no other direction to go. Too late to turn back now. He figures that he'll get to the top of the dune and see if he can see anything from there that helps him find the town. He keeps going up the dune. Halfway up, he slips in the bad footing of the sand for the second or third time, and falls to his knees. He doesn't feel like getting back up - he'll just fall down again. So, he keeps going up the dune on his hand and knees. While crawling, if his throat weren't so dry, he'd laugh. He's finally gotten to the hackneyed image of a man lost in the desert - crawling through the sand on his hands and knees. If would be the perfect image, he imagines, if only his clothes were more ragged. The people crawling through the desert in the cartoons always had ragged clothes. But his have lasted without any rips so far. Somebody will probably find his dessicated corpse half buried in the sand years from now, and his clothes will still be in fine shape - shake the sand out, and a good wash, and they'd be wearable again. He wishes his throat were wet enough to laugh. He coughs a little instead, and it hurts. He finally makes it to the top of the sand dune. Now that he's at the top, he struggles a little, but manages to stand up and look around. All he sees is sand. Sand, and more sand. Behind him, about a mile away, he thinks he sees the rocky ground he left to head into this sand. Ahead of him, more dunes, more sand. This isn't where he drove his SUV. This is Hell. Or close enough. Again, he doesn't know what to do. He decides to drink the rest of the wiper fluid while figuring it out. He takes out the bottle, and is removing the cap, when he glances to the side and sees something. Something in the sand. At the bottom of the dune, off to the side, he sees something strange. It's a flat area, in the sand. He stops taking the cap of the bottle off, and tries to look closer. The area seems to be circular. And it's dark - darker than the sand. And, there seems to be something in the middle of it, but he can't tell what it is. He looks as hard as he can, and still can tell from here. He's going to have to go down there and look. **[Part 2 is here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10uhok/the_longest_joke_in_the_world_part_2/)**
"Hey, did you see that article about cats invading the internet?" "Yeah, I reddit."
A woman walks into a grocery, looking for onions. Seeing none, she turns to the nearest employee. "Excuse me sir, but do you have any onions?" she asks. "No ma'am, the truck will arrive this afternoon." the employee replies. "Well, I really need onions. Could you just go in the back and check for me?" the woman asks. The employee sighs and goes into the back. He stands there for a few minutes, as if he were looking for the onions. He then returns to the woman. "I'm sorry ma'am, there are no onions in the back. they'll be one the truck this afternoon." he says. "Are you sure? I really need those onions." she says. "Ma'am, we are ALL out of onions. there are no more." "Are you positively sure?" "Ma'am, what do you get if you take the 'atoes' out of 'tomatoes'?" "tom" "what do you get if you take the 'pot' out of 'potatoes'?" "atoes" "alright, what do you get if you take the 'fuck' out of 'onions'?" "wait, there is no fuck in onions!" the woman exclaimed. "Exactly." the employee said, and walked away.
The Longest Joke in the World (Part 2) **[Part 1 is here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10ugw6/the_longest_joke_in_the_world_part_1/)** He puts the bottle back in his pocket, and starts to stumble down the dune. After a few steps, he realizes that he's in trouble - he's not going to be able to keep his balance. After a couple of more sliding, tottering steps, he falls and starts to roll down the dune. The sand it so hot when his body hits it that for a minute he thinks he's caught fire on the way down - like a movie car wreck flashing into flames as it goes over the cliff, before it ever even hits the ground. He closes his eyes and mouth, covers his face with his hands, and waits to stop rolling. He stops, at the bottom of the dune. After a minute or two, he finds enough energy to try to sit up and get the sand out of his face and clothes. When he clears his eyes enough, he looks around to make sure that the dark spot in the sand it still there and he hadn't just imagined it. So, seeing the large, flat, dark spot on the sand is still there, he begins to crawl towards it. He'd get up and walk towards it, but he doesn't seem to have the energy to get up and walk right now. He must be in the final stages of dehydration he figures, as he crawls. If this place in the sand doesn't have water, he'll likely never make it anywhere else. This is his last chance. He gets closer and closer, but still can't see what's in the middle of the dark area. His eyes won't quite focus any more for some reason. And lifting his head up to look takes so much effort that he gives up trying. He just keeps crawling. Finally, he reaches the area he'd seen from the dune. It takes him a minute of crawling on it before he realizes that he's no longer on sand - he's now crawling on some kind of dark stone. Stone with some kind of marking on it - a pattern cut into the stone. He's too tired to stand up and try to see what the pattern is - so he just keeps crawling. He crawls towards the center, where his blurry eyes still see something in the middle of the dark stone area. His mind, detached in a strange way, notes that either his hands and knees are so burnt by the sand that they no longer feel pain, or that this dark stone, in the middle of a burning desert with a pounding, punishing sun overhead, doesn't seem to be hot. It almost feels cool. He considers lying down on the nice cool surface. Cool, dark stone. Not a good sign. He must be hallucinating this. He's probably in the middle of a patch of sand, already lying face down and dying, and just imagining this whole thing. A desert mirage. Soon the beautiful women carrying pitchers of water will come up and start giving him a drink. Then he'll know he's gone. He decides against laying down on the cool stone. If he's going to die here in the middle of this hallucination, he at least wants to see what's in the center before he goes. He keeps crawling. It's the third time that he hears the voice before he realizes what he's hearing. He would swear that someone just said, "Greetings, traveler. You do not look well. Do you hear me?" He stops crawling. He tries to look up from where he is on his hands and knees, but it's too much effort to lift his head. So he tries something different - he leans back and tries to sit up on the stone. After a few seconds, he catches his balance, avoids falling on his face, sits up, and tries to focus his eyes. Blurry. He rubs his eyes with the back of his hands and tries again. Better this time. Yep. He can see. He's sitting in the middle of a large, flat, dark expanse of stone. Directly next to him, about three feet away, is a white post or pole about two inches in diameter and sticking up about four or five feet out of the stone, at an angle. And wrapped around this white rod, tail with rattle on it hovering and seeming to be ready to start rattling, is what must be a fifteen foot long desert diamondback rattlesnake, looking directly at him. He stares at the snake in shock. He doesn't have the energy to get up and run away. He doesn't even have the energy to crawl away. This is it, his final resting place. No matter what happens, he's not going to be able to move from this spot. Well, at least dying of a bite from this monster should be quicker than dying of thirst. He'll face his end like a man. He struggles to sit up a little straighter. The snake keeps watching him. He lifts one hand and waves it in the snake's direction, feebly. The snake watches the hand for a moment, then goes back to watching the man, looking into his eyes. Hmmm. Maybe the snake had no interest in biting him? It hadn't rattled yet - that was a good sign. Maybe he wasn't going to die of snake bite after all. He then remembers that he'd looked up when he'd reached the center here because he thought he'd heard a voice. He was still very woozy - he was likely to pass out soon, the sun still beat down on him even though he was now on cool stone. He still didn't have anything to drink. But maybe he had actually heard a voice. This stone didn't look natural. Nor did that white post sticking up out of the stone. Someone had to have built this. Maybe they were still nearby. Maybe that was who talked to him. Maybe this snake was even their pet, and that's why it wasn't biting. He tries to clear his throat to say, "Hello," but his throat is too dry. All that comes out is a coughing or wheezing sound. There is no way he's going to be able to talk without something to drink. He feels his pocket, and the bottle with the wiper fluid is still there. He shakily pulls the bottle out, almost losing his balance and falling on his back in the process. This isn't good. He doesn't have much time left, by his reckoning, before he passes out. He gets the lid off of the bottle, manages to get the bottle to his lips, and pours some of the fluid into his mouth. He sloshes it around, and then swallows it. He coughs a little. His throat feels better. Maybe he can talk now. He tries again. Ignoring the snake, he turns to look around him, hoping to spot the owner of this place, and croaks out, "Hello? Is there anyone here?" He hears, from his side, "Greetings. What is it that you want?" He turns his head, back towards the snake. That's where the sound had seemed to come from. The only thing he can think of is that there must be a speaker, hidden under the snake, or maybe built into that post. He decides to try asking for help. "Please," he croaks again, suddenly feeling dizzy, "I'd love to not be thirsty any more. I've been a long time without water. Can you help me?" Looking in the direction of the snake, hoping to see where the voice was coming from this time, he is shocked to see the snake rear back, open its mouth, and speak. He hears it say, as the dizziness overtakes him and he falls forward, face first on the stone, "Very well. Coming up." A piercing pain shoots through his shoulder. Suddenly he is awake. He sits up and grabs his shoulder, wincing at the throbbing pain. He's momentarily disoriented as he looks around, and then he remembers - the crawl across the sand, the dark area of stone, the snake. He sees the snake, still wrapped around the tilted white post, still looking at him. He reaches up and feels his shoulder, where it hurts. It feels slightly wet. He pulls his fingers away and looks at them - blood. He feels his shoulder again - his shirt has what feels like two holes in it - two puncture holes - they match up with the two aching spots of pain on his shoulder. He had been bitten. By the snake. "It'll feel better in a minute." He looks up - it's the snake talking. He hadn't dreamed it. Suddenly he notices - he's not dizzy any more. And more importantly, he's not thirsty any more - at all! "Have I died? Is this the afterlife? Why are you biting me in the afterlife?" "Sorry about that, but I had to bite you," says the snake. "That's the way I work. It all comes through the bite. Think of it as natural medicine." "You bit me to help me? Why aren't I thirsty any more? Did you give me a drink before you bit me? How did I drink enough while unconscious to not be thirsty any more? I haven't had a drink for over two days. Well, except for the windshield wiper fluid... hold it, how in the world does a snake talk? Are you real? Are you some sort of Disney animation?" "No," says the snake, "I'm real. As real as you or anyone is, anyway. I didn't give you a drink. I bit you. That's how it works - it's what I do. I bite. I don't have hands to give you a drink, even if I had water just sitting around here." The man sat stunned for a minute. Here he was, sitting in the middle of the desert on some strange stone that should be hot but wasn't, talking to a snake that could talk back and had just bitten him. And he felt better. Not great - he was still starving and exhausted, but much better - he was no longer thirsty. He had started to sweat again, but only slightly. He felt hot, in this sun, but it was starting to get lower in the sky, and the cool stone beneath him was a relief he could notice now that he was no longer dying of thirst.
The Longest Joke in the World (Part 3) **[Part 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10ugw6/the_longest_joke_in_the_world_part_1/)** **[Part 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10uhok/the_longest_joke_in_the_world_part_2/)** "I might suggest that we take care of that methanol you now have in your system with the next request," continued the snake. "I can guess why you drank it, but I'm not sure how much you drank, or how much methanol was left in the wiper fluid. That stuff is nasty. It'll make you go blind in a day or two, if you drank enough of it." "Ummm, n-next request?" said the man. He put his hand back on his hurting shoulder and backed away from the snake a little. "That's the way it works. If you like, that is," explained the snake. "You get three requests. Call them wishes, if you wish." The snake grinned at his own joke, and the man drew back a little further from the show of fangs. "But there are rules," the snake continued. "The first request is free. The second requires an agreement of secrecy. The third requires the binding of responsibility." The snake looks at the man seriously. "By the way," the snake says suddenly, "my name is Nathan. Old Nathan, Samuel used to call me. He gave me the name. Before that, most of the Bound used to just call me 'Snake'. But that got old, and Samuel wouldn't stand for it. He said that anything that could talk needed a name. He was big into names. You can call me Nate, if you wish." Again, the snake grinned. "Sorry if I don't offer to shake, but I think you can understand - my shake sounds somewhat threatening." The snake give his rattle a little shake. "Umm, my name is Jack," said the man, trying to absorb all of this. "Jack Samson. "Can I ask you a question?" Jack says suddenly. "What happened to the poison...umm, in your bite. Why aren't I dying now? How did you do that? What do you mean by that's how you work?" "That's more than one question," grins Nate. "But I'll still try to answer all of them. First, yes, you can ask me a question." The snake's grin gets wider. "Second, the poison is in you. It changed you. You now no longer need to drink. That's what you asked for. Or, well, technically, you asked to not be thirsty any more - but 'any more' is such a vague term. I decided to make it permanent - now, as long as you live, you shouldn't need to drink much at all. Your body will conserve water very efficiently. You should be able to get enough just from the food you eat - much like a creature of the desert. You've been changed. "For the third question," Nate continues, "you are still dying. Besides the effects of that methanol in your system, you're a man - and men are mortal. In your current state, I give you no more than about another 50 years. Assuming you get out of this desert, alive, that is." Nate seemed vastly amused at his own humor, and continued his wide grin. "As for the fourth question," Nate said, looking more serious as far as Jack could tell, as Jack was just now working on his ability to read talking-snake emotions from snake facial features, "first you have to agree to make a second request and become bound by the secrecy, or I can't tell you." "Wait," joked Jack, "isn't this where you say you could tell me, but you'd have to kill me?" "I thought that was implied." Nate continued to look serious. "Ummm...yeah." Jack leaned back a little as he remembered again that he was talking to a fifteen foot poisonous reptile with a reputation for having a nasty temper. "So, what is this 'Bound by Secrecy' stuff, and can you really stop the effects of the methanol?" Jack thought for a second. "And, what do you mean methanol, anyway? I thought these days they use ethanol in wiper fluid, and just denature it?" "They may, I don't really know," said Nate. "I haven't gotten out in a while. Maybe they do. All I know is that I smell methanol on your breath and on that bottle in your pocket. And the blue color of the liquid when you pulled it out to drink some let me guess that it was wiper fluid. I assume that they still color wiper fluid blue?" "Yeah, they do," said Jack. "I figured," replied Nate. "As for being bound by secrecy - with the fulfillment of your next request, you will be bound to say nothing about me, this place, or any of the information I will tell you after that, when you decide to go back out to your kind. You won't be allowed to talk about me, write about me, use sign language, charades, or even act in a way that will lead someone to guess correctly about me. You'll be bound to secrecy. Of course, I'll also ask you to promise not to give me away, and as I'm guessing that you're a man of your word, you'll never test the binding anyway, so you won't notice." Nate said the last part with utter confidence. Jack, who had always prided himself on being a man of his word, felt a little nervous at this. "Ummm, hey, Nate, who are you? How did you know that? Are you, umm, omniscient, or something?" Well, Jack," said Nate sadly, "I can't tell you that, unless you make the second request." Nate looked away for a minute, then looked back. "Umm, well, ok," said Jack, "what is this about a second request? What can I ask for? Are you allowed to tell me that?" "Sure!" said Nate, brightening. "You're allowed to ask for changes. Changes to yourself. They're like wishes, but they can only affect you. Oh, and before you ask, I can't give you immortality. Or omniscience. Or omnipresence, for that matter. Though I might be able to make you gaseous and yet remain alive, and then you could spread through the atmosphere and sort of be omnipresent. But what good would that be - you still wouldn't be omniscient and thus still could only focus on one thing at a time. Not very useful, at least in my opinion." Nate stopped when he realized that Jack was staring at him. "Well, anyway," continued Nate, "I'd probably suggest giving you permanent good health. It would negate the methanol now in your system, you'd be immune to most poisons and diseases, and you'd tend to live a very long time, barring accident, of course. And you'll even have a tendency to recover from accidents well. It always seemed like a good choice for a request to me." "Cure the methanol poisoning, huh?" said Jack. "And keep me healthy for a long time? Hmmm. It doesn't sound bad at that. And it has to be a request about a change to me? I can't ask to be rich, right? Because that's not really a change to me?" "Right," nodded Nate. "Could I ask to be a genius and permanently healthy?" Jack asked, hopefully. "That takes two requests, Jack." "Yeah, I figured so," said Jack. "But I could ask to be a genius? I could become the smartest scientist in the world? Or the best athlete?" "Well, I could make you very smart," admitted Nate, "but that wouldn't necessarily make you the best scientist in the world. Or, I could make you very athletic, but it wouldn't necessarily make you the best athlete either. You've heard the saying that 99% of genius is hard work? Well, there's some truth to that. I can give you the talent, but I can't make you work hard. It all depends on what you decide to do with it." "Hmmm," said Jack. "Ok, I think I understand. And I get a third request, after this one?" "Maybe," said Nate, "it depends on what you decide then. There are more rules for the third request that I can only tell you about after the second request. You know how it goes." Nate looked like he'd shrug, if he had shoulders. "Ok, well, since I'd rather not be blind in a day or two, and permanent health doesn't sound bad, then consider that my second request. Officially. Do I need to sign in blood or something?" "No," said Nate. "Just hold out your hand. Or heel." Nate grinned. "Or whatever part you want me to bite. I have to bite you again. Like I said, that's how it works - the poison, you know," Nate said apologetically. Jack winced a little and felt his shoulder, where the last bite was. Hey, it didn't hurt any more. Just like Nate had said. That made Jack feel better about the biting business. But still, standing still while a fifteen foot snake sunk it's fangs into you. Jack stood up. Ignoring how good it felt to be able to stand again, and the hunger starting to gnaw at his stomach, Jack tried to decide where he wanted to get bitten. Despite knowing that it wouldn't hurt for long, Jack knew that this wasn't going to be easy. "Hey, Jack," Nate suddenly said, looking past Jack towards the dunes behind him, "is that someone else coming up over there?" Jack spun around and looked. Who else could be out here in the middle of nowhere? And did they bring food? **[Part 4 is here]()**
A woman gets on a bus with her baby.. A woman gets on a bus with her baby. The bus driver says: ''Ugh, that's the UGLIEST baby I've ever seen!'' The woman walks to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her: ''The driver just INSULTED me!'' The man says: ''You go up there and tell him off. Go on, I'll hold your MONKEY for you.''
So on wheel of fortune ... On wheel of fortune, the spokesperson interviews each person standing by their game position. the spokesperson gets to the last contestant and asks: "what is your name?" this woman was a large, black, and chubby chick. she replies "Treasure." a man in the crowd whispers to his friend 'wanna know why they named her treasure?" "sure" he replies "because when she was born, they wanted so desperately to bury her."
The ugliest baby in the world was just born... they didn't print a birth certificate... they printed an apology letter instead.
So a sandwich... So a sandwich walks into a bar and the bartender says, "sorry, we don't serve food here."
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Ten-ish.
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam
What sex position makes an ugly baby? Go ask your mom
My wallet was stolen today... this is the first time I've been sad after losing five pounds.
Three men die in a car crash on Christmas Eve... When they get to the pearly gates, St. Peter is there to greet them. "Welcome to Heaven!" exclaimed St. Peter, "Since this is Christmas time there is a special rule for getting in - you must have an ordinary object with you that you can interpret to represent Christmas." The first man thinks for a second, and pulls out his keys, shaking them in front of St. Peter. "They're jingle bells!" St. Peter lets the man in. The second man digs through his pockets, finally producing a lighter, flicking in on for St. Peter. "It's a candle!" St. Peter lets the man in. The third man had been watching nervously as his friends were let in. He stood there, panicking, not being able to come up with anything. Eventually he excitedly pulls a pair of panties out of his pocket, waving them in front of St. Peter. "I'm afraid I don't understand the connection." said St. Peter. "They're Carol's" exclaims the man.
I love when girls say they need a man that can keep up with them... but immediately go into hysterics when I catch them.
Sixth Grader with a smile. A sixth grader came home from school one day with a big smile on his face. Naturally his mother asked him, "Johnny, why are you smiling? "Johnny says "Well today I had sex with my English teacher." She's asks "Is that right? Well go to your room, you're grounded and your father will speak to you when he gets home!" 6:00 rolls around and Johnny's dad walks in and asks "Johnny, did you have sex with your English teacher today?" Johnny says " I sure did dad." Johnny's dad's lit up and he exclaimed " Son I'm so proud of you I'm taking you out for ice cream and a new bicycle!" And Johnny calmly says "Dad that's great but could you get me a new football instead? My ass is killing me."
What do you get when you mix a hamburger with Guinness. A hamburger paddy.
Mr Snail was always being teased by the insects for being so slow. Eventually, he just couldn't take it anymore and went to the nearest car dealership. "I want the fastest sports car you have," he told the salesman, "and make sure to paint a huge 'S' on it, so everyone will know its Mr Snail's car!" So now, every time Mr Snail drives past the insects, speeding like a maniac, all the insects look and say: "Wow, look at that 'S' car go!"
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Likalotapus.
what do you call a racist tampon? twatstika.
I was in a pub... I was in a pub last Saturday night, drank a few, and noticed two very large women by the bar. They both had pretty strong accents, so I asked, "Hey, are you two ladies from Ireland?" One of them chirped saying, "It's WALES, you friggin' idiot!" So, I immediately apologized and said, "I'm sorry. Are you two whales from Ireland?" That's pretty much the last thing I remember...
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. They're all to busy beating the room for being black!
Fat women Vs Gravity Fat girls really do defy the laws of physics. It appears the heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
I STARTED MY NEW JOB.... I started my new job as a bingo caller last night and halfway through calling the numbers I farted loudly. My boss immediately came over and whispered in my ear, "Don't do that again." "Sorry," I said, "It must be the nerves." "Fair enough," he replied, "But there was no need to hold the microphone to your arse."
Naughty Professor Annoyed by the professor of anatomy who liked to tell "naughty" stories during class, a group of female students decided that the next time he started to tell one, they would all rise and leave the room in protest. The professor, however, got wind of their scheme just before class the following day, so he bided his time. Then, halfway through the lecture, he began. "They say there is quite a shortage of prostitutes in France." The girls looked at one another, arose and started for the door. "Young ladies," said the professor with a broad smile, "the next plane doesn't leave till tomorrow afternoon."
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, but I dunno how they got in there.
Penguin is driving down the road... when his car breaks down. He gets it towed to the nearest mechanic who tells him it will be a while before it's fixed, so he goes to the diner next door to get some lunch while he waits. He comes back an hour or so later and asks the mechanic what happened with his car...mechanic tells him that he blew a seal. He looks at the mechanic, wipes his lip, and says 'nope, that's just tartar sauce.'
What do you call twin policemen? Copies.
How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb? A light bulb weighs about 50g and a single ant can lift about .2g, so it takes somewhere around 250 ants working together.
Dangerous trick Circus. The most popular and dangerous trick, guy put his penis in crocodile's mouth, croc shuts his mouth, the guy hits croc on the head, croc opens up his mouth and guy takes his penis unharmed, everybody applaud! Than guy asks the audience: if you can do it, I'll pay anybody $1000!!!! Girl stands up and says: "I'll do it, just don't hit me on the head!!!!"
Why did Helen Keller masturbate with one hand? So she could moan with the other.
Recursive function &gt; **recursive_joke**( ***redditor*** ){ &gt;&gt; if ( **joke_is_funny_to**( ***redditor*** ) == true ) { &gt;&gt;&gt; *// if the joke is funny* &gt;&gt;&gt; **please_upvote_and_comment**( ***redditor*** ); &gt;&gt;} else { &gt;&gt;&gt; *// if the joke is not funny, redditor should go here* &gt;&gt;&gt; **click**( "[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10vlce/recursive_function/)", ***redditor*** ); &gt;&gt; } &gt; }
The epic journey of the sperm cell Once upon a time, a brand new sperm cell was being instructed by an older sperm cell. "Right," he said, "this is what's going to happen: one day you'll be having a nap and you'll hear a siren. You rush out as fast as can, make absolutely sure you swim as hard as you can, because you HAVE to be first! You'll enter a long, wet pink tunnel, and you have to swim right to the end. When you get to the end, you'll see a round red ball. You say to the ball: 'Hi, I'm a sperm cell,' and the round red ball will say: 'Hi, I'm an egg cell,' and then the miracle of conception will occur." "Don't worry sir," said the new sperm cell, "I won't let you down!" A little while later, the new sperm cell is having a nap and he hears the siren! Fast as lightning, he dashes off, swimming as fast as can. He enters the wet pink tunnel, looks behind himself and sees other sperm cells catching up to him, so he swims even faster! Furthur into the pink tunnel he swims, till he looks behind and realises he's first! Finally, after he thinks he can't carry on any longer, he sees the round red ball. "Yes," he cries out, "I've made it! Hi, I'm a sperm cell." The round red ball turns to him and says: "Hi, I'm a tonsil."
What do you call a bunch of woman in a tree A country
How many surrealist painters does it take to change a lightbulb? Fish. I got this from bash.org a long time ago, but I can't find the original post, so have this [bonus joke!](http://www.bash.org/?69527)
What do you call a fruit that makes fun of someone? A banana-nana-nana Got it on a popsicle stick. Laughed for way too long.
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra...
Breakfast Club - Bender's joke. How it should have been. A naked blond walks into a bar with a poodle under one arm and a two foot salami under the other. She lays the poodle on the table. Bartender says: "I suppose you won't be needing a drink." The naked lady says..."No, but my poodle will have a 7+8." Bartender says, "Lady, I've heard of 7+7, but what's a 7+8?" The naked blonde lady says "I forgot my pencil but I'm pretty sure 7+8 = 78!"
TIL that 'gullible' has been removed from the latest edition of the Oxford English dictionary... Seriously. I swear.
Two guys walked into a bar... The other guy ducked.
If Al Gore tried his hand as a musician, his album would be called... **Algorithms.** Girlfriend thought of this while doing dishes earlier.... I could hear her laughing to herself in the other room for almost 10 minutes.
What do Islamic McDonalds employees wear? A cheeseburka
What's a pirate's favourite letter? You may think it's arr, but they are truly in love with the sea!
What bounces and makes little children cry? My donation check to Feed the Children!
A Kindergarten teacher in Detroit asks her class what sound a pig makes... A boy in the back of the class stands up and yells, "FREEZE MOTHA FUCKA"
The Most Ethnically-Diverse Joke Ever Told An Afghan, an Albanian, an Algerian, an American, an Andorran, an Angolan, an Antiguan, an Apache, an Argentinean, an Armenian, an Australian, an Austrian, an Azerbaijani, a Bahamian, a Bahraini, a Bangladeshi, a Barbadian, a Belarusian, a Belgian, a Belizean, a Beninese, a Bhutanese, a Bolivian, a Bosnian, a Brazilian, a Bruneian, a Bulgarian, a Burkinabe, a Burundian, a Cambodian, a Cameroonian, a Canadian, a Cape Verdean, a Central African, a Chadian, a Cherokee, a Chilean, a Chinese, a Colombian, a Comoran, a Congolese, a Costa Rican, a Cree, a Croat, a Cuban, a Cypriot, a Czech, a Dakota, a Dane, a Djibouti, a Dominican, a Dutch, an East Timorese, an Ecuadorean, an Egyptian, an Emirian, an Englishman, an Equatoguinean, an Eritrean, an Estonian, an Ethiopian, an extraterrestrial, a Fijian, a Filipino, a Finn, a Frenchman, a Gabonese, a Gambian, a Georgian, a German, a Ghanaian, a Greek, a Grenadan, a Guatemalan, a Guinea-Bissauan, a Guinean, a Guyanese, a Haitian, a Herzegovinian, an Honduran, a Hungarian, an I-Kiribati, an Icelander, an Indian, an Indonesian, an Iranian, an Iraqi, an Irishman, an Israeli, an Italian, an Ivorian, a Jamaican, a Japanese, a Jordanian, a Kazakhstani, a Kenyan, a Kittian and Nevisian, a Kosovar, a Kuwaiti, a Kyrgyz, a Lakota, a Laotian, a Latvian, a Lebanese, a Liberian, a Libyan, a Liechtensteiner, a Lithuanian, a Luxembourger, a Macedonian, a Malagasy, a Malawian, a Malaysian, a Maldivan, a Malian, a Maltese, a Marshallese, a Mauritanian, a Mauritian, a Mexican, a Micronesian, a Moldovan, a Monegasque, a Mongolian, a Montenegrin, a Moroccan, a Mosotho, a Motswana, a Mozambican, a Myanmarese, a Namibian, a Navajo, a Nauruan, a Nepalese, a New Zealander, a Ni-Vanuatu, a Nicaraguan, a Nigerian, a Nigerien, a North Korean, a Northern Irishman, a Norwegian, an Omani, a Pakistani, a Palauan, a Palestinian, a Panamanian, a Papua New Guinean, a Paraguayan, a Peruvian, a Pole, a Portuguese, a Qatari, a Romanian, a Russian, a Rwandan, a Saint Lucian, a Salvadoran, a Sammarinese, a Samoan, a Sao Tomean, a Saudi, a Scot, a Senegalese, a Serbian, a Seychellois, a Sierra Leonean, a Singaporean, a Slovakian, a Slovenian, a Solomon Islander, a Somali, a South African, a South Korean, a Spaniard, a Sri Lankan, a Sudanese, a Surinamer, a Swazi, a Swede, a Swiss, a Syrian, a Tadzhik, a Taiwanese, a Tanzanian, a Tobagonian, a Togolese, a Tongan, a Trinidadian, a Tunisian, a Turk, a Turkmen, a Tuvaluan, a Ugandan, a Ukrainian, an Uruguayan, an Uzbek, a Venezuelan, a Vietnamese, a Welshman, a Yemeni, a Zambian and a Zimbabwean walk into a restaurant. The maitre d' apologizes, "I'm so sorry, but I can't let you in without a Thai."
I took the family to an amusement park and they all got thirsty at once. Fortunately we were close to a big soda shop, a circular building with lines of varying lengths standing at most of the windows. "Excuse me," I asked a park employee, "Which window do we go to?" "Each window is for a different drink, so just go straight to the one for what you want. If you're in a hurry, though, you might pick something less popular, that no one's waiting for." Over the crowd I could see the drink signs above each window: Coke, Sprite, Pepsi, Dr. Pepper, Root Beer, Hawaiian Punch, Mountain Dew, Guinness... "How long is the Guinness line?" I asked. He laughed, "That one wraps around the back of the building and trails off into the parking lot outside. I think they're going for a world record or something." I didn't have time for this guy's jokes, so I asked, "Is there a punch line?" "Nope."
An apple A sudden desert storm had made a traveler lost his direction. The only thing he had was an apple. It was so precious, whenever he was thirsty or hungry, he would only look at the apple, then he would walk again full of hope. Unfortunately, he still died in the desert. It was written on the police report: He would have walked out of the desert if he had had a Samsung or Nokia.
A dyslexic robber walks into a bank... He says, "air in the hands mother-stickers, this is a fuck-up!"
Life is like a box of chocolates... ...it doesn't last long for fat people.
An old lady is walking down the street when a mugger grabs her, drags her into an alley, and starts groping around down in her bra..... The old lady asks, "What the hell are you doing!?" The mugger says, "I'm looking for the money!" The old lady replies, "Well, keep that up and I'll write you a check!"
An old man has spent 30 years working for the railroad, punching tickets and being mean to everyone who crossed his path. Finally it's discovered that he's responsible for a string of dozens of murders up and down the railroad line, at almost every stop, going back almost the whole 30 years of his career. He confesses to all of them and is quickly convicted and sentenced to death by electrocution. The day finally comes, they strap him into the chair and the guard throws the switch. Sparks fly and smoke curls upward from the straps and skullcap, but the old man is unhurt. The switch is thrown again and again, but always with the same result. Finally he is released from the chair, and the next day the governor commutes his sentence to life in prison. When a reporter asks him about the incident and why he thought he survived, the man replies, "Well, I've always been a poor conductor."
Dumb jokes that are funny. THIS IS PART 2 part 1: http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/10ufom/dumb_jokes_that_are_funny_pt1/ Q: How do you fix a broken tuba? A: With a tuba glue! Q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield? A: Its butt. Q: Where does George Washington keep his armies? A: In his sleevies. Q: What kind of flower is on your face? A: Tulips! Q: What do you do when you see a spaceman? A: Park your car, man. Q: What is invisible and smells like carrots? A: Rabbit farts. Q: What do you get when you cross a tyrannosaurus rex with fireworks? A: Dino-mite. Q: What did the policeman say to his tummy? A: You're under a vest! Q: Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep? A: Because of his coffin. Q: Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? A: He had no body to go with him! Q: Why do milking stools only have three legs? A: 'Cause the cow's got the udder! Q: What kind of horses go out after dusk? A: Nightmares. Q: How does an octopus go to war? A: Well-armed Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public? A: A private tutor. Q: What does a ghost wear when it's raining outside? A: BOOOOOOOOOOOTS! Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes? A: No eye-dear. Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? A: Still no eye-dear Q: Where would you find said deer? A: Right where you left him. Two men traveled through time back to the dinosaur age. They see a huge scary dinosaur with no eyes. One man says to the other "Do you know what type of dinosaur that is? It looks like it is going to eat us!" The other man says "It is called a 'do-you-think-he-saw-us.'" Im sorry in advance if any of these jokes were a repost, but theres been so many jokes posted on here its impossible to keep track of. part 3 comin up EDIT: Fixed some jokes
This old man buys feeder fish from my work and often tells jokes like this... So a Islamic mosque, a Jewish temple, and a Protestant church all need a new paint job. Each one hires the same man to paint their building since he does a decent job at a fair price. So the man gets to work on the mosque and does a few layers and finishes up. The next day he starts on the temple and follows the same routine. The last day he is about to finish the Protestant building when he realizes that he is tired and running low on paint. He says to himself, "hmm maybe I'll thin out the paint and skip a layer." Suddenly a voice comes out of the clouds and says "REPAINT, REPAINT, AND THIN NO MORE!
A joke from my English teacher. Some archaeologists find a cave, untouched by man for a long time. In the cave they find some typical stone age tools. But they also find some symbols on the wall. Left to Right: [A woman](http://i.imgur.com/FjvkI.jpg). [A donkey](http://i.imgur.com/5sogi.jpg). [A shovel](http://i.imgur.com/m3Pmp.jpg). [A fish](http://i.imgur.com/37u6V.jpg). [And a Star of David](http://i.imgur.com/NfLqi.png). So the archaeologists call a gathering to share their findings. The head archaeologist explains what the pictures mean. He says, "The woman must mean that this culture saw woman as equal. The Donkey must mean that they knew how to domesticate animals. The shovel must mean they knew how to use/make tools. The fish must mean that they knew how to fish. And, the Star of David must mean that they were Hebrew." So everyone starts clapping, except one man in the back who is laughing his ass off. Soon enough everyone stops clapping and stares at the man. They ask why he is laughing, he says, "You got it all wrong." The head archaeologist replies, "then come show us what they mean." So the man goes up and says, "You seem to have forgotten that Hebrews read right to left, let me show you what the painting actually means." [Holy](http://i.imgur.com/NfLqi.png) [Mackerel](http://i.imgur.com/37u6V.jpg) [Dig](http://i.imgur.com/m3Pmp.jpg) [The Ass](http://i.imgur.com/5sogi.jpg) [On That Chick!](http://i.imgur.com/FjvkI.jpg)
Young man goes off to university A young man goes off to university in a town several hours drive from where his parents live. Two months later, he write to his folks. The letter reads, "Dear Mom and Dad, I'm having a great time! I've enclosed a picture, as you can see I've grown a nice goatee! Don't I look like a Count?" The father says to his wife, "Well that's upsetting. We spend all this money sending him to school, and he can't even spell."
French Joke Q. Why do we need France on our side against Saddam and Osama? A. So the French can show them how to surrender.
Did you know Helen Keller had a dollhouse? Neither did she.
A black guy, Chinese guy, and a Jew walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Get the fuck out."
A guy visits his doctor... He tells the doc: every morning I wake up and make love to my wife. Then on my way to work I stop at my girlfriends house and screw her. On my lunch break I bang my coworker. On the way home I fuck my girlfriend again. Before I go to sleep I give it to my wife one more time. The doc says: I don't understand. What is the problem? The guy tells him: It hurts when I jerk off!
I went to band camp and all I got was... This shirt that said: I'll Allegro your vibrato!
What do they leave on your pillow at a bordello in Dijon, France? Condom-Mints
Don't make fun of a fat girl with a lisp. I'm sure she's thick and tired of it.
Poor old McGreggor A Scottish old timer in Scotland, in a bar, talking to a young man. The Old Man says, "Lad, look out there to the field. Do ya see that fence? Look how well it's built. I built that fence stone by stone with me own two hands. I piled it for months." "But do they call me McGreggor-the-Fence-Builder? Nooo..." Then the old man gestured at the bar. "Look here at the bar. Do ya see how smooth and just it is? I planed that surface down by me own achin' back. I carved that wood with me own hard labour, for eight days." "But do they call me McGreggor-the-Bar-builder? Nooo..." Then the old man points out the window. "Eh, Laddy, look out to sea...Do ya see that pier that stretches out as far as the eye can see? I built that pier with the sweat off me back. I nailed it board by board." "But do they call me McGreggor-the-Pier-Builder? Nooo..." Then the old man looks around nervously, trying to make sure no one is paying attention. "But ya fuck one goat..."
French Joke Anyone see the French Military Rifle on eBay? It's never been shot and only dropped once!
A duck walks into a bar and orders a beer.. The barman says, "Hey, you're a duck!" "Nothing wrong with your eyesight," observes the duck. "Yeah, but I mean...I've never seen a talking duck," says the barman. "Have you ever seen a duck drinking beer?" "No." "You will as soon as you pour me one." answers the duck. The barman serves the duck a pint and asks him, "So, what brings a duck like you to these parts?" "Oh," says the duck, "I work on the building site across the road. We'll be here for a couple of weeks, and I'll most likely be in every lunch hour." The duck drinks his beer, wiggling his tail happily. Just like he said, every day he waddles over from his job and has his lunch time lager. The next week, the circus comes to town. The Circus owner wanders in for a pint and the barman tells him about the talking duck. "You should get this duck to join your circus," he says. "Everyone would love to see a talking duck." The circus man nods his agreement and the barman agrees to talk to the duck about the circus. The following day, the duck comes in at lunch time as usual. The barman says to the duck (with dollar signs in his eyes), "You know, the circus is in town, and yesterday I was chatting to the owner about you." "Really?" says the duck. "Yeah. You could make a lot of money there. I can fix it up for you easily." "Hang on," said the duck. "You did say a CIRCUS, didn't you?" "That's right." "That's the one with those big canvas tents, isn't it?" "Of course," replied the barman, "I can get you a job there starting tomorrow. The circus owner's crazy about the idea." The duck looked very puzzled. "But why would he want to hire a plasterer?"
What is the core of Uranus called Urectum
I think my penis is sick!!! I was playing with him this morning and he threw-up in my hand.
A penguin, a priest, and a cowboy walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Is this some kind of joke?!"
and God said," Let there be light !" Chuck Norris says" Say please"
Don't copy if u can't paste A famous inspirational speaker said: "Best years of my life were spent in the arms of a woman, who wasn't my wife" Audience was in shock and silence.. He added: "she was my mother" A big round of applause &amp; laughter! A very daring husband tried to crack this at home. After a dinner, he said loudly to his wife in the kitchen: "Best years of my life were spent in the arms of a woman, who wasn't my wife" and standing for a moment, trying to recall the second line of that speaker had said. By the time he gained his senses, he was on a hospital bed, recovering from burns of boiling water!
Two Policemen with a Dog are standing outside of a Pub. A drunk guy comes out of the pub, lifts the dogs tail and looks at it. Than he just shakes his head and leaves. After a few minutes another guy comes out and does the same thing. The Policemen just wonder and say nothing. When a third guy looks at the dog in this way, they stop him and ask what he is doing. The drunk guy just says: "Sorry, but I had to look for myself. In there is a guy that claims there is a dog with two assholes standing in front of the pub." Sorry it lost a little bit in the translation - I'm open for suggestions to make it better. Edit: typo
My love life is like my video game I always play single player, and I can never find anyone who wants to play co-op
Ebay products are like sex You look at it online a lot but never see it in real life
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
Woman speeding There was a woman speeding down the highway, and a police officer pulled her over. He asked her if she knew why he pulled her over. She shrugged. "Can I see your license and registration?" The police officer asked. "NO, i stole this car." The woman replied. The police officer looked shocked. "I also hacked up the owner, he is in the trunk." The woman said. The police officer backed up. "I need backup," he said into his mic. Another police officer came a couple minutes later. "Hello mam, can I see your license and registration?" He said. "Sure," she replied and handed them to him. He looked puzzled. "Can you open the trunk?" He asked. "sure!" she said. There was nothing in it. "My associate tells me you stole this car and hacked up the owner!" the 2nd police officer said. "I bet the lying bastard told you I was speeding too." The woman replied.
The Seven Wise Men Seven wise men with knowledge so fine, created a pussy to their design. First was a butcher, with smart wit, using a knife, he gave it a slit, Second was a carpenter, strong and bold, with a hammer and chisel, he gave it a hole, Third was a tailor, tall and thin, by using red velvet, he lined it within, Fourth was a hunter, short and stout, with a piece of fox fur, he lined it without, Fifth was a fisherman, nasty as hell, threw in a fish and gave it a smell, Sixth was a preacher, whose name was McGee, he touched it and blessed it, and said it could pee, Last was a sailor, dirty little runt, he sucked it and fucked it, and called it a cunt.
Marry a virgin? It's their wedding night and a redneck couple are getting ready to have sex for the first time. As the bride is getting ready in the bathroom she tells her husband Bobby Joe to take it "easy on her, on accounts that she is a virgin and all". "BAM!!" as she hears the door on the trailer slam then watches as Bobby Joe speeds off in the truck.. Bobby Joe is completely distraught and decides to head on over to his pa's house. He bangs on the door and his pa sees that he is upset "What's wrong boy?". Bobby Joe tells his pa, "Me and Mindy Lou was getting ready to have sex when she done told me she was a dang virgin!". Pa breathes a sigh of relief and puts his arm around his son and says "Boy, if she wasn't good enough for her own family, she aint good enough for ours".
How much power does a nun have. Nun!
Twice a Day This guy goes to his doctor "You gotta help me. I can't stop having sex." "How often do you have it?" The doc asks "Well, twice a day with my wife." The doc says "That's no to bad." The guy says "Yeah, but that's not all, I also have sex with my secretary, twice a day." The doc says "That's a bit excessive."" and I have sex with a prostitute, twice a day" "That is definitely too much. You got to learn to take this situation in hand." "I do," says the man "Twice a Day
What do you call a cow that has given birth? ..... Decalfinated.
French Joke Q. What do you call 100,000 Frenchmen with their hands up? A. The French Army.
How many sociologists does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change.
What's a crackhead with no drugs? Crack-a-lacking
What is Politics? A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" Dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me capitalism. Your Mom, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the Government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the people. The nanny, we'll consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense," So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. So the little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored and the Future is in deep shit."
One cold morning a black man is waiting alone at the busstop, he has to take one of the biggest dumps in his life and the pressure is building. After checking the busschedule for the third time and realizing he still has to wait 15 minutes plus a 30 min. busride, he could'nt hold it anymore and drops trou. A good 5 minutes and half a pound later he's done and the bus arrives shortly after. The door opens and he asks the driver: 'can you take me to 42nd street?' to wich the driver replies: 'of course sir, but your son is gonna have to put out his cigarette first.'
What do you call a semi truck with it's load half empty? Pessimist Prime
I used to work at the factory that made fire hydrants. Couldn't park anywhere near the place.
What did the router say to the doctor? It hurts when IP.
What's today's date? 10-4 Good Buddy!
How do you know if your roommate is gay? His dick tastes like shit.
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
I know this great knock knock joke.. But you have to start it. Go ahead.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
The Heart Attack A blonde man gets home from work early &amp;amp; hears strange noises coming from the bedroom. He rushes upstairs only to find his wife naked lying on the bed, sweating and panting. 'What's happening!?' he asks. 'I think I'm having a heart attack,' - cries the wife. The blonde rushes downstairs to grab the phone, but just as he's dialing, his four-year-old son comes up and says, "Daddy Daddy! Uncle George is hiding in the closet &amp;amp; he has no clothes on." The blonde slams the phone down and storms back upstairs into the bedroom right past his wife. Rips open the closet door and sure enough, there is his brother, totally naked and cowering on the floor. 'YOU SICK BASTARD!! My wife's having a heart attack, and all you're doing is running around naked and scaring the kids!!'
What's the hardest thing, being in a room full of sexy people? my dick
Why is it that most people who are against abortion.. Are people you wouldn't wanna fuck in the first place. R.I.P. George Carlin.
I spent a lot of years on ships. I beat off in the shower so much that every time it rains, I get a hard-on.
A rookie cop pulls a car over, and walks up to the driver. The driver rolls his window down, and the cop says, "Sir, do you know why I pulled you over?" The driver looks at the cop, who is about his son's age, and responds, "No officer. I thought for sure that you would know."
What are the bumps around a girls nipples? Braille for SUCK ME.
So a man goes to a monastery... To become a friar. The man is welcomed warmly into the brotherhood, and a fellow friar takes him on a tour of the place. He shows him the chapel, sleeping quarters, gardens, prayer rooms, library... It goes on and on, and the mans eyes grow bigger at every turn. And so the tour is concluded, and the friar asks if the man has any other questions. The man then reluctantly asks "well, how do you guys cope with the urges of the flesh? You know, sex?" The friar smiles and says " I knew you would ask that! Come, follow me." The man follows the friar to the stables, where they stop at an ordinary barrel. "you see that hole?" asked the friar, pointing at a hole in the barrels side, "stick your junk in there and you'll get the pleasing you desire!". "Oh man, sweet!" answers the man, "How often can I use this?" "Everyday except Tuesday." "Why not Tuesday?" the man asks. The friar looks at him and says "Because then it's your turn to get in the barrel!"
What does Snoop Lion do when he forgets to wear oven mitts? Drops it like it's hot.
I used to be indecisive.... Now I'm not so sure.
Snow White, Superman and Pinocchio are walking along. They see a sign: "Contest for World's Most Beautiful Woman." Snow White goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing a crown. They walk along and see another sign: "Contest for World's Strongest Man." Superman goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing the belt. They walk along and see a sign: "Contest for World's Greatest Liar." Pinocchio goes in, later comes out with his head down crying. "Who the hell is Mitt Romney?" Pinocchio sobs.
Snow White, Superman and Pinocchio are walking along. They see a sign: "Contest for World's Most Beautiful Woman." Snow White goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing a crown. They walk along and see another sign: "Contest for World's Strongest Man." Superman goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing the belt. They walk along and see a sign: "Contest for World's Greatest Liar." Pinocchio goes in, later comes out with his head down crying. "Who the hell is Mitt Romney?" Pinocchio sobs.
What did the army of starving cannibals say when they walked into an abortion clinic in mexico? feed us fetus fajitas! I hope that joke was shitty enough to make you laugh. Inspired from this post in no context http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/10y470/feed_us_fetus_fajitas/
You have orgasms all the time. Even if you don't have sex, I know you masturbate. You're a liar if you say you don't. Sexy
Husband comes home and says: - Honey, I invited a friend to have dinner with us today. Screaming she replies: - What? Are you crazy? The house is a mess, I did not buy any groceries, the dishes are dirty and I'm not in the mood to cook anything special. - I know. - So why did you invited him? - Because the poor guy is thinking about getting married.
The husband comes home and worried because he has a scratch on his chest... The husband comes home and worried because he has a scratch on his chest caused by a fingernail from his mistress, opens the door seeing the cat asleep on the couch, gives him a tremendous kick. The cat "screams" a loud meow and runs out the door. The wife comes in the living room and asks what happened and he angrily replied: - This cat seems crazy, I was walking in and, just like that, he jumped on me and scratched me in the chest. Look at that hell of a scratch! The woman replied: - You did very well, today this motherfucker has bitten my ass and gave me one hell of a hickey on my neck.
Two old friends meet: - Wow, long time don't see! How are things? - I'm fine and you? - I'll be a dad for the first time! - How cool! Congratulations! And is your wife happy? - Right now she is. But once she finds out, she is going to be furious!
You know what I love about being bipolar? NOTHING I FUCKING HATE IT!
A rabbit is being chased by a bear and just as the bear was about to catch him, they trip over a fabled genie's lamp. Having brushed the lamp, a genie appears and promises to grant the rabbit and bear three wishes each. Before the rabbit has a chance to speak, the bear shoves him aside and tells the genie how hard it is to find a sow to fuck with there being more boars than sows in area, and wishes for all the bears in the forest to be female. After the bear makes his wish, the rabbit thinks and asks for the genie to make him smarter; to be more strategic and clever than any other animal. The instant the rabbit finishes his wish; the genie grants their first wish The bear scoffs at the rabbit's wish and turns back to the genie. The bear admits that he was rather hasty on his first wish, and realizes that boars from another area could come and ruin his plan. He then wishes for every other bear in the world was a horny female. The rabbit then wishes to be faster than any other animal in existence. Again, the instant the rabbit finishes his wish; the genie grants their wish Finally, the bear now know that there is no way he could satisfy all the women he will encounter, so he wishes that he was constantly horny and had the stamina to sexually pleasure as many sows as wants. The rabbit begins stretching and warming himself up. When he finished, the rabbit says, " I wish that bear was gay."
2 GUYS WALK INTO A BAR Two guys were walking their dogs and came across a bar. Since they were hot and tired from walking the dogs they decided to go in and have a drink. Unfortunately, the bar didn't allow dogs. There was no place to safely secure the dogs, so they started thinking of ideas to get in the bar. Then one of the guys had an idea. "Just watch me and follow my lead," he said. He walked into the bar with his dog and the bartender stopped and said to him, "I'm sorry but I can't let you in here." The guy looked at the bartender and asked, "Why not?" The bartender replied, "Well, we don't allow dogs into the bar." "But this is my seeing eye dog," the guy said. "Oh, I'm sorry sir come on in, and by the way, nice golden retriever." The guy went into the bar and the second guy walked in with his dog. The bartender stopped him and told him he can't let him in. When asked why not the bartender replied that you cannot have dogs in his bar. "But this is my seeing eye dog," said the second guy. The bartender looked at the man and then looked at the dog. After a while he said, "Sir, ah... um... a Chihuahua?" The man looked a little puzzled and then says," What The Hell! They Gave me a Fucking Chihuahua"?!! edit: the ending
A man was driving his family home from visiting his wife's parents in the country. After a few minutes she looked over at him and noticed he was crying. "What's wrong, dear?" she asked. "I was thinking about that day at the video arcade when we met," he said softly. She smiled, "Yes, I remember that." "You told me you were 18, but you were really 16." She giggled, "I remember that too." "You talked me into taking you to the drive-in that night." She grinned. "Yes, I know." "You didn't tell me your dad owned the drive-in, and when he caught us he said if I didn't marry you he'd make sure I went to prison for 20 years." She laughed. "Yes, but so what? That was twenty years ago!" He cried even harder, "I know! I'd be getting out of prison now!"
A man installs a lie detector app on his smartphone and shows it off to his family at the dinner table. Then as they begin eating he asks his son, "So, what have you been doing this afternoon?" "Just working on my research paper, Dad..." *BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.* "Okay, I was on the Internet, looking at pictures of kittens and stuff..." *BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.* "All right, I was looking at PORN, okay?" The father shouts, "OKAY?!? Young man, when I was your age, I didn't know what 'porn' *was*!" *BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.* The mother laughs and shakes her head. "Well, he's certainly your son..." *BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.*
Life is like a game of bridge If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand
What did Maxwell Smart Say the first time.... What did Maxwell Smart Say the first time he butt fucked 99? Missed it by that much.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office... ..I will find you. You have my Word. --- Edit: 1000 upvotes. Of course it would be on a self post. :( Thanks though. &lt;3
What do you call a symphony of whales? An orcastra
What did the straight edge ghost say to the bartender? No boos for me.
Two boys where walking in the woods... When they came across a beautiful girl bathing naked in a lake. Hiding behind a tree watching when out of nowhere one boy takes off running towards home. When the other boy finally catches up to him he says " why the hell did you run? " so the other boy says " my momma always told me if I looked at a naked girl I would turn into a statue and I felt part of me getting hard! "
I'm still on my first marriage, and... Wait, that sounded very negative, as if I don't expect this marriage to last. My current wife hates it when I talk like that.
Most serial killers are men. That's because women prefer to kill just one man, over a period of many, many years.
I don't know why women spend so much money on sunglasses... Wouldn't it be cheaper to just tint the kitchen windows!
If Microsoft ever makes a product that doesn't suck... it will be a vacuum cleaner.
They say in New York somebody gets stabbed every 15 minutes, poor bastard.
I've decided to avoid Turkey this Thanksgiving... Way too close to Syria.
Paper bag A paper bag has been feeling unwell, so he goes to the doctor. The doctor runs some tests and they wait for the results. A week later the paper bag goes back to the doctor. 'So, whats the verdict doc?' 'Its bad news.' the doctor replies, 'You've got aids. I'm really sorry.' The paper bag can't believe this. 'What? How the hell can I have aids? I'm a paper bag! How is this possible?!?' 'Well,' said the doctor, 'it turns out your mother was a carrier.'
when Superman got bored one day Superman was bored, so he started flying over the city, then when he was around wonder woman's apartment he used his x-ray vision to see what she was doing. low and behold she was naked with her legs spread in the air. he thought he is fast enough to go in screw her get out before she can notice a thing. so he goes in finishes and gets out. wonder women then looks at invisible man and asks him "whats wrong?" he says " nothing but my ass hurts like hell"
The teacher asks: - Little Johnny, what do you want to be when you grow up? - I wanna be a billionaire. I want to go over the most expensive club, get the most expensive bitch. I wanna buy her a car, give her 1 million dollars and a mansion in France. - And you, Mary dear? - I wanna be the bitch.
The homeless man and the farmer A homeless man comes up to a farmers house and knocks on the door, when the farmer answers, the homeless man asks "May i spend the night?" to which the farmer replies, "Sure, but you're going to have to sleep in the stable." So the homeless man agrees and sleeps in the stable with all the animals. In the morning the farmer comes in and asks "How did you sleep?" and the homeless man says "I slept good. And I talked to your animals too." the farmer says, "Really?" "Yes, I talked to the chickens," he responded, "and they said that you come in every morning at 4am to collect the eggs." "Wow," the farmer says, "That's right!" "I also talked to the cows," the homeless man continued, "And they told me every morning at 5am, you milk them" "That's amazing!" the farmer responds. "I also talked to the sheep, and they said-" "THOSE SHEEP ARE LIARS!!!!"
So a teddy bear got a job at a mine... Once upon a time, there was a teddy bear, and that teddy bear got a job at a mine. On his first day there, he got up in the morning, grabbed his pick, and did a good day of mining, then he went to sleep. The next day, he got up, grabbed his pick, and did an even BETTER day of mining, then he went to sleep. On his third day though, he got up in the morning, and his pick was nowhere to be found! He searched and searched and searched, but he could not find it anywhere! In fact, he wasted a whole day searching before he gave up and visited the foreman of the mine. When he asked his pick, the foreman looked at him and said "Oh don't you know? Today's the day the teddy bears get their picks nicked!" (Sorry if this has been posted before, I was compiling all of my favourite jokes and I though you guys might like this one)
A nuclear physicist is drinking at Oktoberfest... He approaches the bar to and calls over a barman. The barman asks what he would like, and the physicist raises one finger and says, "Ein Stein".
Recently, I've started to do crosswords a lot. Like those really cryptic ones you get in the weekend papers, with clues like 'fish worn on head, (5, 7,)', and stuff like that. I get really intense about them, though, and can't stand starting a new one until I've finished the last one. I refuse to use dictionaries and things on principle, and I'll sit and ponder them until something comes along. Anyway, I'd been working on one for about a month straight, stuck on one last clue. I'd stopped going to work, stopped bathing, shaving. I barely ate, barely slept. I was pretty sure my girlfriend had left me because it had been a bit quiet, but I couldn't be sure. Most of my mates had abandoned me, except my friend from Jamaica- good guy, great friend. So, he came round to visit me, takeaway curry in hand, and sat down next to me. It took me a moment, but I realised he was there, and looked up at him. "Come on", he said, "you've got to give up. It's not good for you" "I can't", I replied through my luxurious crossword-beard, "I need to finish this one last thing, and then....and then I'll be fine. Fine. Promise" He sighed, and shook his head, but gestured anyway. "Alright, what is it?" "Great in scale and size. Awe-inspiring. Impressive. Ten letters" "Monumental" "No I'm not, I just really want to finish this crossword"
My friend says he's doing good he means well
So my spreadsheet program hasn't been working for 40 days... ...it was excellent.
Father and son talking: - Daddy, is it true that in some parts of Africa and Asia a man does not know the wife until marrying her? - Here too, my son. Here too ...
What do they tell people who flunk out of astronaut academy? "The sky's the limit for you".
I told you I was broke... A little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner. Good morning,' said the young man. If I could take a couple of minutes of your time, I would like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners .  Go away!' said the old lady. I'm broke and haven't got any money!' and she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. Don't be too hasty!' he said. Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.' And with that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of this horse manure from your carpet, Madam, I will personally eat the remainder.' The old lady stepped back and said, Well let me get you a fork, 'cause they cut off my electricity this morning.
A horse walks into a bar, and says to the guy: "why all the AIDS?" TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND CHARACTERS TEN THOUSAND
How are women and tornadoes alike? They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
Whats the most racist thing to buy at target? Definatly the [lawn sprinkler](http://www.photo-dictionary.com/photofiles/list/4536/6009lawn_sprinkler.jpg) it spends all day going chink-chink-chink-SPIC-nigga-nigga-nigga
The racist chainsaw when you turn it on it will roar out "RUNNN-niggernigger!"
If sex is a pain in the ass then you are doing it wrong
A MAN WAS WALKING HIS DOG.... A man was walking his dog through the graveyard when he saw another man crouching behind a gravestone. "Morning!" he said. The other man replies, "No, just having a shit."
A trip to Africa. A newly wed couple decided to take their honeymoon on a guided tour of some African countries. Their guide took them to visit one of the local tribes, and they were amazed to see that all the men had tremendously long penises. They asked the guide how they got so long, he told them that at a very early age, the young boys get a weight on the end of a string tied to their penises until they turn 18, by that time it will have stretched to reach such incredible lengths. This gets them thinking. When they get back to America, they decide to give this method a try. The man ties a weight to his penis and lets it hang for some time. A couple weeks go by, and they wife asks how the experiment is going. The husband, with a smile on his face, says "well, we're half way there. It's already black."
Congratulations to Steve Jobs for being cancer free for 1 year!
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He then picks up the dog by it's tail and spins it around over his head. The bartender exclaims "What on earth are you doing?!" The blind man replies "Oh, I'm just looking around."
What do a fag and a parrot have in common? Shit on their stick
Jokes about white people My friends and I recently realized there aren't many good jokes about white people. I'll share the few that we came up with, and please contribute! * Why don't white people have orgies? - They'd have to write too many thank-you letters. * What does a white woman make for dinner? - Reservations.
Why do mermaids wear seashells for a bra? Because "B" shells would be too small!
The Camel A man was riding on his camel through the desert. He was riding for quite some time and as days passed by he got kind of horny. All alone in the desert miles away from all civilisation he thought that he might aswell take the camel. He stopped, made a pile of sand and stood behind the camel and just when he wanted to start the camel took a step forward. The man didn't think any of this and piled up some sand again. And again just when he wanted to start the camel stept forward. The man gave up and rode on through the desert. After a few more days he met a totally exhausted woman near dehydriation. He helped her up and and saved her by giving her some water and food. The woman thankfully said: 'thank you for saving me you can have anything you want from me!' The man thought for a sec and said:'could you hold the camel for a minute?' excuse any spelling mistakes.
I wish you did too A man and woman exit a bar. They are really wanting to have sex and seeing as how it is to bright in front of the bar, they cross the street and go far back into the woods until they can't see any of the lights. Stripping down they get right to it. After twenty minutes, the guy stops and declares "I wish I had a damn flashlight." To which the woman replies "So do I. You've been eating grass for the past fifteen minutes."
A drunk stumbles out of a bar... A drunk stumbles out of a bar with a key in his hand. A cop sees him and says, "Can I help you, sir?" "Yes! Somebody stole my car." The cop asks, "Where was the last time you saw it?" "It was on the end of this key," says the man. The cop looks down and notices that the man's penis is hanging out of his fly. "Sir, are you aware that you are exposing yourself?" the cop says. Confused, the drunk looks down at his crotch and says, "My girlfriend's gone, too!"
A woman walks into a doctors office... This beautiful woman one day walks into a doctors office and the doctor is bowled over by how stunningly gorgeous she is. He'd thought that he'd take advantage of his profession. He tells her to take her pants, she does, and he starts rubbing her thighs. "Do you know what I am doing?" asks the doctor? "Yes, checking for abnormalities." she replies. He tells her to take off her shirt and bra, she takes them off. The doctor begins rubbing her breasts and asks, "Do you know what I am doing now?", she replies, "Yes, checking for cancer." Finally, he tells her to take off her panties, lays her on the table, gets on top of her and starts having sex with her. He says to her, "Do you know what I am doing now?" She replies, "Yes, getting herpes - that's why I was here in the first place!"
Do you know what a true competitor is? [NSFW] It's a guy who enters a masturbation contest and comes in first, third and ninth.
They say when you find a sea shell, pick it up, and put it to your ear, you can hear the ocean. Do you know why that is? Cause you're on the fuckin beach.
So a girl is stuck babysitting her little brother... When she finally gets him to bed on the bottom bunk of his bunk-bed, she decides to invite her boyfriend over so that they can have a little fun together. To avoid her parents walking in on her, she takes her boyfriend and they get up on the top bunk of her little brothers bed, being careful to not wake him up. She says to her boyfriend "I don't want my brother to hear us saying anything that may be inappropriate so when I want you to go faster I'll say 'lettuce' and when I want you to go slower I'll say 'tomato'" So they're going at it- "LETTUCE! TOMATO" LETTUCE LETTUCE LETTUCE! TOMATO LETTUCE" When her little brother wakes up and says, "HEY! Can you guys STOP! You're getting mayonnaise all over me!"
A mathematician, a physicist and an engineer shared a hotel room Midnight, the waste basket caught on fire. The mathematician woke up first, looked at the fire and the water bottle next to it. He then wrote on a piece of paper "between the fire and the bottle, a solution exists", signed, and went back to sleep. The physicist wake up second, saw the fire and the mathematician's paper, then went to the basket and measure the paper in the basket and the water in the bottle, then went back and wrote "half the bottle is sufficient", signed, and went back to sleep. The engineer woke up last, saw the fire and the paper, processed to dump the whole bottle into the fire, and went back to sleep without signing anything.
I was going to make a Casey Anthony joke but my mom would kill me
Why do they call them 'jews'? "'jew gonna do anything with that, 'cause I can take it off your hands?"
Sweet Dreams "Doc, I had the strangest dream last night. I dreamed I was the only man in a nudist colony." "My, my," responded the doctor. "Did you sleep well?" "I tried," answered the patient, "but it was hard."
pot heads in cemetery Two pot-heads were smoking weed, in a cemetery. The cops got there, and one of the pot-heads took off running. The other pot-head said "chill out dudes, I'm actually a dead guy that needed to take a piss". edit from "2dollarb":- he gave it a better flow.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang rape.
Deer Hunting Seven guys have been going to the same deer camp for many years. Two days before the group is to leave, Kevin's wife puts her foot down and tells him he isn't going. Kevin's friends are very upset that he can't go, but what can they do? Two days later the six get to the camping site only to find Kevin sitting there with his gear set up, firewood gathered, and dinner cooking on the stove. "Dang man, how long you been here, and how did you talk Melissa into letting you go?" "Well, I've been here since yesterday. Yesterday evening, I was sitting in my chair at home and Melissa came up behind me and put her hands over my eyes and said, 'guess who?' I pulled her hands off, and she was wearing a brand new nightie. She took my hand and pulled me to our bedroom. The room had candles and rose petals all over. On the bed she had handcuffs, and ropes! She told me to tie and cuff her to the bed, and I did. And then she said, "Do whatever you want." So, here I am.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. The hard part is getting them into the light bulb.
A weak little man applied for a job as a lumberjack... ...but the foreman refused to take him because he was too small. "I may look puny," protested the man, "but I'm not. Just give me a chance to show you my strength." The foreman consented and told the man to go chop down a giant redwood that stood nearby. Half an hour later, to the foreman's shock, the redwood was lying on the ground. "Where'd you learn to cut down trees like that?" the foreman asked. "The Sahara Forest," the man answered. "You mean the Sahara Desert?" the foreman ventured. "Sure," said that man, "if that's what they call it now." edit: typos Edit: Wow! Front page! You guys are awesome :)
I heard Chris Brown and Rihanna are back together. I guess she's not a one-hit wonder.
A jewish kid asks his dad for $20 His dad replies: $10!?!... What do you need $5 for?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? Fruit salad.
Dirty Johnny Old ass joke here.. Dirty johnny is sitting in class. Ms. Smith says "Ok Kids, it time to play the word game, I'm going to say a letter of the alphabet, and you tell me a word that starts with that letter. The first letter is A." Dirty Johnny's hand jumps in the air. "ME! ME! Ms. Smith pick ME!" Ms. Smith thinks "I cant pick him, he's obviously going to say ass. "Jenny, can you tell me a word that starts with the letter A." "apple, apple starts with the letter A, Ms. Smith." "Very good Jenny, now class can anyone tell me a word that starts with the letter B" Right away Dirty Johnny's hand jumps up. "OHHHHH!! ME!!! i got a good one. ME ME!!!" Ms. Smith thinks "Ok, clearly he is going to say bitch" and she picks someone else. She keeps going through the alphabet letter by letter. Cant let him answer for C, hes going to say Cunt. Can't call on him for D, hes going to say Dick. Finally she gets to the letter R. Right away Dirty Johnny's hand zips into the air. "ME ME! Please! ME ME!!" says Dirty Johnny Ms. Smith thinks about for a minute, then she says "Alright Dirty Johnny, tell me a work that starts with the letter R" "Rat! A big fucking Rat!! With a Dick This long!"
During sex im like a high energy photon hitting the Earth's atmosphere... I come fast and dont penetrate very far! ... ayyyyy!
Pity Poor Peter I feel sorry for my friend Peter. His hair's a mess. His family's nuts. His neighbor's an asshole. On bad days, his girlfriend's a c---. And his owner beats him. EDIT: Punctuation.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot
What did the recent KKK hit-and-run victim order at Starbucks? A flat white.
Don't press # 3 On an airplane there is a mens and womens bathroom. The guys bathroom was broken so the men had to use the womans bathroom. Well, this man has to go to the bathroom so he stands up and walks to the back of the plane. Before he goes in, the attendant tells him not to press #3. The man takes a dump and pushes #1; this thing comes out and wiped his ass. "Wow," he exclaims, "we don't have THAT in the mens room!" Intrigued, he decides to press #2; the toilet flushes and air freshener is released. "Interesting," he thinks. Then he says to himself, "I have to know what #3 does." and presses it. The next day he woke up in the hospital! #3 was a tampon remover.
I've had a revelation from God himself! and he told me to share it with you all! It's hmm...ehhh... wait just a second, damn I think I have forgotten it! bah can't have been that important then
[WARNING: RACIST JOKE] What do you call a jew with a gasmask? A spoilsport.
Keeping promises to the grave. Husband and wife are talking. H: "Tell me the truth, honey: did you ever cheat me?" W: "Oh, sweetheart, don't say such things" H: "I mean it, Jennifer. If you would ever cheat on me, I would turn in my grave" W: "I swear I never did and never will, my love. I would never have sex with another man but you" Some time later the man dies and after a month the wife dies too. She finds herself in front of the gates of heaven. Approaches to Saint Peter. "I'm sorry your holiness, I'm looking for a man who died one month ago..." "Kind lady, every day thousands of men arrive here. Could you be more specific?" "His name is Jason. He... used to say he would turn in his grave if I cheated on him." Saint Peter's eyes lights up and bursts laughing. Calls a nearby angel. "Gabriel, go tell "The Windmill" that his wife arrived." EDIT: Fixed the punchline
How is your first car like anal? You don't want it, but your dad gives it to you anyway.
What's similar between a racehorse and a leaky faucet? They're both off and running.
Come To Me Two women walked into a department store, stopped at the perfume counter and picked up a sample bottle. One woman sprayed the perfume on her wrist and smelled it. "That's nice, isn't it?" She said waving her arm under her friend's nose. "Yeah, what's it called?" "Viens a moi." "Viens a moi? What's that mean?" A clerk offered some help. "Viens a moi, ladies, is French for 'come to me.'" The woman took another sniff. "That doesn't smell like come to me," she said, offering her arm to her friend again. "Does that smell like come to you?"
How many people with OCD does it take to change a light bulb? Seven. It *has* to be seven.
A farmer goes to town... and buys an anvil, a bucket, two chickens and a goose. He looks at his purchases and says "How am I gonna carry all this home?" The clerk says "Put the anvil in the bucket, carry the bucket in one hand, put a chicken under each arm and carry the goose in your free hand." The farmer sets off. He meets an attractive woman who says "Can you tell me how to get to Mockingbird Lane?" "Well, I live just down the road from there. Let's take my short cut down this alley." "I'm a lonely widow. How do I know that when we get in the alley, you won't hold me up against the wall and ravish me?" "Holy smokes lady! I'm carrying a bucket, an anvil, two chickens and a goose. How in the world could I possibly do that?" "Set the goose down, cover him with the bucket, put the anvil on top of the bucket ... and I'll hold the chickens". edit=added quote marks
Why did the chicken commit suicide? To get to the other side.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it goes to the toilet? Because the P is silent.
How do you kill a hipster? Drown him in the mainstream.
What does the dentist of the year get? A little plaque.
I found this story amusing. A teenage boy is getting ready to take his girlfriend to the prom. First he goes to rent a tux, but there's a long tux line at the shop and it takes forever. Next, he has to get some flowers, so he heads over to the florist and there's a huge flower line there. He waits forever but eventually gets the flowers. Then he heads out to rent a limo. Unfortunately, there's a large limo line at the rental office, but he's patient and gets the job done. Finally, the day of the prom comes. The two are dancing happily and his girlfriend is having a great time. When the song is over, she asks him to get her some punch, so he heads over to the punch table and there's no punchline.
I told my friend she drew her eyebrows on too high... She seemed surprised.
Bar Joke An Irishman walks out of a bar
A guy gets a call from his Doctor... The Doctor says "I have your test results back. I've got bad news and worse news." The guy says "What's the bad news?" The Doctor says "You have 24 hours to live." The guy says "That's terrible! What could be worse than that?" The Doctor says "I forgot to call you yesterday."
I tried smoking hash the other day... But I couldn't get to corned-beef lit.
Let's change things up a bit. I thought I found a quarter inside one of my shoes. That would have been strange enough on its own, but it turned out to be a nickel, which made even less cents.
My dad's favourite joke - Harry the vampire bat So one day Harry the vampire bat gets back to his cave, with his entire face absolutely covered with blood. All the other bats are incredulous, demanding where Harry found all the blood. Harry agrees to show them. So they all follow Harry out of the cave, over the river, and through some fields, until they get to a field with a single tree in the middle of it. All the bats are impatient, saying 'Harry is the blood here? Where is it, man? Harry replied 'You see that tree there? I didn't.'
How many art directors does it take to change a lightbulb? Should it really be a lightbulb?
In the woods behind a man's house... he and his three buddies are target shooting. They're talking and having a grand old time. Suddenly, one of them gasps. " "What is it Frank?" they ask. "Herold, I can see your house from here." Herold shrugs since it's his house. "So?" "I can see your wife and she's cheating on you!" Needless to say Herold was pissed. "Well I'm sick of her doing this to me. I want you to shoot her in the head and him in the dick." His friend looks through his scope and says, "I can get both of those in one shot!"
Is the bakery hiring? Cause I think I'll knead a little bit of dough to get by.
What kind of dance does your mother do? The MOMbo.
What's brown and rhymes with 'Snoop'? Dr Dre
What does a walrus and tupperware have in common? They both like a tight seal.
I'm Dyslexic, Agnostic, and an Insomniac. I lay awake all night wondering if there really is a Dog.
Why did the chef take a job at a soup kitchen? Because they had great stock options.
How is liver like anal sex? If your parents force it on you too much as a child you won't like it as an adult.
An expert answered a question I asked him about agnosticism He said he wasn't sure.
Mr. Smith, the president of a large corporation... One day Mr. Smith, the president of a large corporation, called his vice-president, Dave, into his office and said, "We're making some cutbacks, so either Jack or Barbara will have to be laid off." Dave looked at Mr. Smith and said, "Barbara is my best worker, but Jack has a wife and three kids. I don't know whom to fire." The next morning Dave waited for his employees to arrive. Barbara was the first to come in, so Dave said, "Barbara, I've got a problem. You see, I've got to lay you or Jack off and I don't know what to do?" Barbara replied, "Well, you'd better jack off. I've got a headache."
Roger Federer was doing an interview... ... when the interviewer asked him how he felt about his countries flag being displayed by so many of his fans in the arena he replied "Well, it's a big plus"
What do you get hanging from apple trees? Sore arms
I don't want to get up, Papa. An elderly gentleman knocks on his son's bedroom door. "John," he says, "wake up!" John answers, "I don't want to get up, Papa." The father shouts, "Get up, you have to go to school." John says, "I don't want to go to school." "Why not?" asks the father. "Three reasons," says John. "First, because it's so dull; second, the kids tease me; and third, I hate school." And the father says, "Well, I am going to give you three reasons why you must go to school. First, because it is your duty; second, because you are forty-five years old, and third, because you are the headmaster."
So a group of friends plan to go camping... They decide that they'll all just meet at the campsite at noon. The first guy shows up and none of his friends are there, so he sets up his gear and waits. The second guy shows up two hours late, panting, and the first says, "Hey, I've been waiting for you for two hours! What happened?" "I'm sorry I'm late, I had a date and after, I had to catch a cab. The cab broke down and I had to run 10 miles to a farm to rent a mule. The mule passed out of hunger so I had to run another 6 miles here." The first guy is puzzled at the weird story, but says, "Whatever, glad you're here, go set up your stuff." The third guy shows up, panting, and says, "I'm sorry I'm late, I had a date and after, I had to catch a cab. The cab broke down and I had to run 10 miles to a farm to rent a mule. The mule passed out of hunger so I had to run another 6 miles here." The first guy is now extremely confused. That was the other guy's story, too, he thought. "Oh, whatever, glad you're here, just set up your stuff." This goes on for the next three guys in the group, but the first guy doesn't really care, he's gonna go camping with his buddies! But he's still extremely confused why they all have the same story. Finally, the last guy in the group shows up and starts saying, "Hey man, I'm sorry I'm late, I had to catch a cab and-" "-and it broke down and then the mule and the running and stuff, right?" asks the first guy. "Well, no; it was just difficult for the cab driver to get around all the broken-down cars and passed out mules in the road."
Numbered jokes Two boys decided that they knew so many jokes that they should number them all, so instead of actually telling the whole joke they would just say a number and the other boy would know which joke he was being told. Example. Number 5. An Irish man walked past the bar. Then one day when the boys met, one of them blurted out 142, and the other boy almost choked laughing coz he had never heard that one before. Edit:spelling
My dad's take on 35 years of marriage. Me: "Mom and Dad, how does it feel to have been married for 35 years?" Dad: "Well, it only seems like it's been 5 minutes..." Mom: "Awww!" Dad: "...Underwater."
Why did the communist Chinese government outlaw Viagra? They didn't want the people to have free elections.
would you still love me? Husband asks his young wife, "Would you still love me if I hadn't inherited my Father's fortune?". She smiles sweetly and says, "Honey, I would have loved you no matter whose fortune you inherited".
A woman walked into a bar and asked the bartender for a double entendre. So he gave it to her.
A man is sitting next to his brother... Looking up at the stars, and he says to his brother "Y'know, looking at the stars every night makes me wonder." "What does it make you wonder? The fact that space is basically endless? As a comparison to the vast nature of the human mind?" The brother responded. "No, it makes me wonder where the fuck our roof went."
What did Helen Keller say when she jumped off a cliff? Nothing, she was wearing mittens.
Did you hear about the widowed frog that got remarried? His first wife croaked!
2 guys with Alzheimer's. "I'm off to go get some ice cream, do you want some?" "Yeah sure" Shortly later, he returns. "Here, I brought you your fish" "Fish!.............. where's my fucking chips."
What did Helen Keller say when she won the lottery? uunnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg!
Casey Anthony Kim Kardashian's Marriage was Shorter than the line of Trick-or-Treat ers outside Casey Anthony's House
Whats the difference between a woman and a computer? A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies
Three gay guys walk into a crematorium. While waiting, they start talking with one another and discover that each of their partners have died and are being cremated. They then start discussing where they plan on placing their loved ones' ashes. The first guy says, "Yeah my Tom and I loved to go hiking, so I'm gonna spread his ashes on top of a mountain." The second man says, "My husband proposed to me on the beach, so I'm gonna spread his ashes in the ocean." After a moment, the last man says, "Yeah my man just really loved to fuck. He just loved to go at it, so I'm gonna mix his ashes into a bowl of chili so he can destroy my ass one more time."
Why did the molecular biologist want to make a porno film of gametes? Because sex cells.
A little political humor I found today Snow White, Superman and Pinocchio are walking along. They see a sign: "Contest for World's Most Beautiful Woman." Snow White goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing a crown. They walk along and see another sign: "Contest for World's Strongest Man." Superman goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing the belt. They walk along and see a sign: "Contest for World's Greatest Liar." Pinocchio goes in, later comes out with his head down crying. "Who the hell is Mitt Romney?" Pinocchio sobs.
Mad Cow Disease There are two cows out in the pasture, watching as the farmer takes a prize bull behind the barn to shoot it. The first cow looks at the second one and says "Can't believe Joe came down with mad cow disease. Are you scared we might get it too?" The second cow looks at the first cow with a puzzled look and says "Why should I be scared? We're ducks."
That wasn't very punny now was it? ...A guy goes into a nice restaurant bar wearing a shirt open at the collar and is met by a bouncer who tells him he must wear a necktie to gain admission. So the guy goes out to his car and he looks around for a necktie and discovers that he just doesn't have one. He sees a set of jumper cables in his trunk. In desperation he ties these around his neck, manages to fashion a fairly acceptable looking knot and lets the ends dangle free. He goes back to the restaurant and the bouncer carefully looks him over for a few minutes and then says, "Well, OK, I guess you can come in -- just don't start anything." ...This mushroom walks into a bar and starts hitting on this woman... She, of course, turns him down. Not willing, to give up, he pleads with her... "C'mon lady, I'm a fun guy..." ...This horse walks into a bar and the bartender says "Hey, buddy, why the long face... ...These two strings walk upto a bar... The first string walks in and orders and the bartender throws him out and yells "I don't serve strings in this bar... The other string ruffs himself up on the street and curls up and orders... The bartender shouts, Hey, didn't you hear what I told your buddy?" String says "Yeah." Bartender says, "aren't you a string?" ... String says, "No, I'm a frayed knot..." ...This grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says "Hey! We have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies "Really? You have a drink named Steve?!" ...This baby seal walks into a bar and the bartender says,"What'll ya have..." The seal says, "Anything but a Canadian Club... ...This skeleton walks into a bar and says, "I'd like a beer and a mop..." ...A man walked into a bar and sat down next to a man with a dog at his feet. "Does your dog bite?" he asked. "No." A few minutes later the dog took a huge chunk out of the man's leg. "I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!" he said indignantly. The other guy replied, "That's not my dog." ...A neutron walks into a bar. "I'd like a beer" he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer. "How much will that be?" asks the neutron. "For you?" replies the bartender, "no charge" ...Descartes walks into a bar, and the bartender asks "Would you like a beer?" Descartes replies "I think not" and POOF! he vanishes... ...A three legged dog walks into a bar and says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw..." ...A hamburger walks into a bar, and the bartenders says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve food here..." ...A termite walks into a bar and says, "Is the bar tender here?" ...A snake slithers into a bar and the bartender says, "I'm sorry but I can't serve you." "Why not?" asks the snake. The bartender says, "Because you can't hold your liquor..." ...Baby seal walks into a club... what a tragedy... ...A guy walks into a bar. "OUCH!" he said... ...Two peanuts walked into a bar, and one was a-salted... ...Two vampires walked into a bar and called for the bartender. "I'll have a glass of blood," said one. "I'll have a glass of plasma", said the other. "Okay," replied the bartender, "that'll be one blood and one blood lite..." ...Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One says, 'I think I've lost an electron.' The other says 'Are you sure?' The first says, 'Yes, I'm positive...' ...Two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar. The bartender, a tub of cottage chesse, says to them, "We don't serve your kind in here." One of the yogurt cartons says back to him, "Why not? We're cultured individuals." ...a man walked into a bar, sat down, and ordered a beer. As he sipped the beer, he heard a soothing voice say "nice tie!" Looking around he noticed that the bar was empty except for himself and the bartender at the end of the bar. A few sips later the voice said "beautiful shirt." At this, the man called the bartender over,"Hey...i must be losing my mind," he told the bartender. "I keep hearing these voices saying nice things, and there's not a soul in here other than us." "It's the peanuts" answered the bartender. "Say what?" "You heard me" said the barkeep."it's the peanuts... they're complimentary." ...Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused his dentist;s Novocain during root canal work because he wanted to transcend dental medication. ...Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak got chilly so they lit a fire in the craft but it sank proving once and for all you can't have your kayak and eat it too. ...Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina; one went to Hollywood and became a famous actor while the other stayed behind in the cotton fields never amounting to much and became known as the lesser of two weevils. ...There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns hoping at least one of the puns would win but, unfortunately, no pun in ten did. ...A woman has twins and gives them up for adoption. One goes to a family in Egypt and is named Amahl while the other goes to a family in Spain and is named Juan. Years later Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mother and upon receiving the picture she tells her husband she wishes she also had a picture of Amahl. "But they're twins," says her husband, "If you've seen Juan you've seen Amahl." ...A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing around in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories. About an hour later the manager comes out of his office and asked them to disperse. "But why?", they asked as they moved along. "Because," said the manager, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer." ...It was a doctor's regular habit to stop off at a bar for a hazelnut daiquiri on his way home and, aware of his habit, the bartender would always have the drink waiting for him at precisely 5:18 PM. One afternoon as the end of the work-day neared the bartender was dismayed to find he was out of hazelnut extract but, thinking quickly, he threw together a daiquiri made with hickory nuts and set it on the bar. The doctor came in at his regular time, took one sip of the drink, then exclaimed: "This isn't a hazelnut daiquiri", to which the bartender replied, "No, I'm sorry, it's a hickory daiquiri, doc." ...A hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat when he came across two men; one was sitting under a tree reading a book while the other was typing away on his typewriter. The lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him proving even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest and writers cramp.
What does DNA stand for? National Association for Dyslexics
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank hot chocolate before it was cool.
Who Loves Debates? De fishes
How you compliment an Italian cheese maker? "Gouda worka"
Bill and Hilary Clinton, a boy, and an elderly man are on a plane ...when the plane starts going down. Unfortunately there was only 3 parachutes. Bill says "I was president of the United States so i should take one." So he grabs a chute and jumps. Hillary says "I'm the smartest person in the world, so i should go." So she grabs a chute and jumps. Then the elderly man says "I've lived my life boy, you take the last chute" The boy says "Wait there's still two parachutes, the smartest person in the world took my backpack" Edit: spelling (i don't know how to fix the title)
My dentist hit me in the mouth... ...he really hurt my fillings.
TIL You can see all your friends by going to /r/friends ^^'cause ^^redditors ^^definetly ^^have ^^friends...
The First Grader A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students. The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?" Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is! I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!" Ms. Brooks had enough. She took Harry to the principal's office. While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test. If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave. She agreed. Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test. Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know. The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rdgrade." Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" The principal wondered why would she ask such a question! Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?" Harry: "Pants." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open. Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." The principal was trembling. Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last six questions wrong... "
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Wanna go bike riding?
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because we all want to achieve but are snuffed out in an unforgiving manner with our mangled corpse glued to the road and a futile attempt to be something more. Another broken dream... it's omelet day boyos!
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom? He farts.
A politican dies But just as in life so in death, and the divine powers don't really know where to put the guy, is he a good guy or bad guy? So St. Pete and Lucifer decide to show the deceased what they can offer him in the afterlife. First it is downstairs, the gates of Hell open, and there's booze, naked chicks, in short sex, drugs 'n rock &amp; roll, all over the place and everyone is happy having a super time. "Impressive, is it like this all the time?" asks the Politican "All the time" Promises Lucifer "Ok, let's see what Pete has to offer" The elevator goes upstairs, and St. Peter opens the pearly gates, and gives him the tour, people are being handed out wings, haloo and a harp at the gates and continue flying up in the skies playing the most wonderful music, but beside that, there's not much happening. "Hmm this all seems nice and such, but I think it would become kinda boring in the long run, so I'll take my chances with the party downstairs." And down the elevator goes again, the gates of Hell open again, but this time people are standing on their heads in knee deep shit, while their feet get grilled by small dmons. People get get put through all kinds of torment without the suffering ending, and there are screams of pain and misery all over the place. Slightly shocked the politican asks Lucifer "what happend to the party and all that nice life?" "Oh that was just my sales pitch to get elected"
Two border guards are doing their final patrol of the night along the US-Canadian border. Half an hour before their shift is up, they hear some rustling along the path. They rush forward to check it out only to find a man who has committed suicide by hanging himself. "Crap, the paperwork on this will take hours, my wife will be furious!" "I know Jack. Say ... I have an idea ..." And so, the border guards take the man down, carry him a hundred yards and leave him hanging, just across the Canadian border. As their shift is up, they go home. Shortly thereafter, two Canadian border guards, also on their last patrol come across the body, one turns to the other and sais: "Merde Guy, the Americans brought him back!"
The Chinese language actually evolved from the English language... it all started off when one person whispered something to the next person, then he whispered it to someone else, and so on...
Oh, the irony Don't you think it's funny, when a nazi dies in a car crash, because he gave too much gas while making a turn to the right? EDIT: I'm sorry about the expression "giving too much gas", but it's a translation and I thought it would convey the joke the best :)
a native, canadian, and a mexican walk into a bar.. and they all go up to the bar and the bartender pours them a shot of tequila. the mexican drinks the shot of tequila, then throws the bottle on the ground. the bartender says, "why did you do that?" and the mexican says, "we have so much tequila in mexico, i never have to drink from the same bottle twice." the native drinks the shot of tequila, then throws the shot glass on the ground. the bartender says, "why did you do that?" and the native says "i get money from the government all the time, so i never have to drink from the same shot glass twice." the canadian drinks the shot of tequila, then pulls out a gun and shoots the native in the head. the bartender says "why did you do that?" and the canadian says "we have so many drunk natives in canada, i never have to drink with the same one twice."
Miles Davis Is 1,6 times longer than his European cousin Kilometers Davis
Cowboys and Indians Three strangers strike up a conversation in the airport passenger lounge in Calgary , Alberta, while awaiting their respective flights. One is a native Indian from the Sarcee Reservation. Another is a cowboy on his way to Vancouver for a livestock auction. The third passenger is a fundamentalist Arab student newly arrived at the University of Calgary from the Middle East. Their discussion drifts to their diverse cultures. Soon, the two Albertans learn that the Arab is a devout, radical Muslim and the conversation falls into an uneasy lull. The cowboy leans back in his chair, crosses his boots on a magazine table and tips his big sweat-stained hat forward over his face. The wind outside is blowing tumbleweeds around, and the old windsock is flapping, but still no plane comes. To break the silence, the Indian clears his throat and softly speaks: "At one time here, my people were many, but sadly, now we are few.." The Muslim student raises an eyebrow and leans forward: "Once my people were few" he sneers, "and now we are many. Why do you suppose that is?" The Alberta cowboy shifts his toothpick to one side of his mouth, and from the darkness beneath his Stetson says in A smooth drawl: "That's 'cause we ain't played Cowboys and Muslims yet . . . But I do believe it's a-comin'.."
Dirty Little Matt is sitting in the back of the math class... Dirty Little Matt is sitting in the back of math class, obviously not paying any attention, when the teacher calls his name. "Yeah teach?" he replies. "If there are three ducks on a fence and you shoot one of them with a shotgun, how many are left?" asks the teacher. Matt answers "Well, teach, if I shoot one of them with a shotgun, the loud noise is gonna make them all fly off." "No, Matt, there will be two left if you shoot one with a shotgun, but I like the way you're thinking." the teacher responds. "Well, teach, I've got a question for you... There are 3 women that come out of an ice-cream parlor, one is biting her ice-cream cone, one is licking it, and one is sucking on it. Which one is married?" The teacher, a little taken back by the question answers, "Well, uh, gee Matt, I guess the one that's sucking on the ice cream." Matt replies "No teach, the one that has the wedding ring on her finger, but I like the way you're thinking!"
This guy walks into a bar with a lizard on his shoulder... and the bartender says, that's a pretty cool lizard, what's his name? The guy says, "Tiny, because he's minute"
What is the most common cause of feline blindness? Cataracts
New virus Did you hear about the problems with the new Facebook game "Kitchen Ville"? A virus has been hitting it hard, but it only deletes the cook ware. It is an E-Pan-Demic.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no eye deer. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs. I still have no eye deer.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison
And actor, a director and a writer walk into a bar. A director, an actor and a writer walk into a bar. A sign hanging over the bar proclaims an amateur bull-fighting tournament; where a winner can walk away with a load of gold. The director races to the bullring, confident in winning the bullion. He sets up lights all over the ring and rigs a wireless communicating headpiece into his cap. As the bull charges, the director gives instructions to the light technicians to flash certain lights on and off. The flashing lights just enrage the bull who stomps about madly. Suddenly, a power cut occurs and all the flashing lights go out. The now even-crazier bull charges blindly, side-swiping the director with a two-foot horn. As the rodeo clowns distract the bull, the actor steps into the ring -- rigged like a minotaur. His massive man-bull form towers far over everything else in the bull ring. The bull, now somewhat sober, stands its ground and looks at the big standing bull in confusion. The top-heavy actor, however, cannot hold his balance for long; he slips and falls, and the bull costume comes apart. He just manages to jump over the bull-ring fence, evading the bull by the skin of his teeth. At this point the writer steps into the ring. She has no fancy costume, no cape and no gimmicks, she just stands and stares at the bull. The bull works up a frenzy, stomps the sandy ground into submission and charges full-tilt at the writer. When the dust clears, the bull is down, unconscious, while the writer still stands. She is taken to the local bank where they release unfathomable quantities of bullion for her. Local reporters query her on her secret to felling the bull, but she keeps mum, swearing to take her secret to the grave. What can I say? Writers Block!
What kind of line gets thicker and thinner at the same time? A line of marathon runners
So this girl and I were banging real hard when... I asked her if it would be okay if I stuck it in her ass. She replied "that is preposterous for you to think I would let you stick it in my ass!" I replied ""preposterous"...that is a big word for a six year old" Heyo heyo heyo bad joke I know.......
The pope walks into a mosque The imam says "Hey, why the wrong faith?"
A new southerner in town. So a man who lived in the north moved to the south to become a farmer so he packed up and moved to the south to start a farm. To start out he had to find a rooster for his farm, so he went the town and went into the store that sold rooster. He went up the clerk and asked for a rooster, but the cashier told him that they call them cocks there, so he took the cock and remembers that he will need a chicken for his farm so he went to the same store and asked for a chicken, but the cashier told him that they call them pullets so he took the pullet and left. Last he remembered he would need a donkey for his farm so he went to the same store and asked the store clerk for a donkey, but like the other times the cashier told him that they call them asses there, but to make the ass move you had to slap them. So he took the ass and started to walk up the street but his hands were too full so he looked at the nearest person to him and asked "Can you hold my cock and pullet while I slap my ass?"
On a warm summer morning, a family of ducks and a family of skunks are crossing a country road when... without warning, a car barrels over a hill and into the path of the animals wiping out both families except for one baby duckling and one baby skunkling. The pair hightail it off the road and find refuge in a hole in a tree. They decide to stick together and support each other in order to survive. Their strategy proves successful and they grow and thrive under each others friendship. One day the skunk was returning to the tree after a long day of foraging and finds the duck sitting on a log with his head hanging low, tiny, webbed feet dangling. The skunk says, "Hey Duck, what's the matter? You're looking kinda blue." The duck replies, "Well, you know, having my entire family killed when I was so young and living in a hole in the tree with the skunk, I feel that I really don't know what I am anymore. The skunk says, "Well, look at you. You've got feathers, a bill, you quack. You're a duck." "Hey, thanks. You know, that really helped," Said the duck and he went on his merry way. Days later the duck was returning to the tree after a long day at the pond and finds the skunk sitting on the log with his head hanging low, tiny, fuzzy feet dangling. The duck says, "Hey Skunk, what's the matter? You're looking kinda blue." The skunk replies, "Well, you know, having my entire family killed when I was so young and living in a hole in the tree with the duck, I feel that I really don't know what I am anymore." The duck says, "Well, look at you. You're black, you're white, you stink. You're Puerto Rican."
A man goes to a community gym... He sees a sign for a weight loss program which says, "Lose 5 pounds in one week!". Curious, he signs up for the program. He begins the program the next day and upon entering the designated area finds an attractive woman with a sign on her shirt that says,"If you catch me, you can have your way with me. You have 30 minutes." He chases her around the area for a week and sure enough loses 5 pounds. Wanting to lose a bit more weight though, he decides to try the next level of the program. This program guarantees he'll lose 15 pounds in a month. He gets to the designated area and once again a smoking hot chick with a sign saying,"If you catch me you can have your way with me." Runs around while he chases her for 30 minutes. This goes on for a month and he loses 15 pounds. Feeling extra confident and wanting to look his absolute best for a college reunion coming up in two months, he signs up for the highest level of the course. It guarantees he'll lose 50 pounds in 2 months. He gets to the designated area and upon closing the door turns around to see a 300 pound man of pure muscle with a sign that says the following: "If I catch you, I have my way with you."
Wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke Joke Jooooooooke.
A Texas A&amp;M (Aggie) grad, a Texas Tech (TT) grad and a University of Texas (UT) grad end up at the urinals in a bar. The Aggie finishes first, walks over to the sink and loudly proclaims "In my health class at Texas A&amp;M we were taught to wash our hands after using the bathroom to prevent disease" and proceeds to splash soap and water everywhere. Additionally, while drying off he uses more paper towels than are necessary. The TT grad finishes next, walks over to the sink and loudly proclaims that "While at TT in addition to learning the value of washing our hands in our health class I took an environmental class and learned the importance of taking care of the environment " and proceeds to use the minimum water and paper towels needed for the job. When the UT grad finishes he mumbles under his breath "I learned not to piss on my hands in kindergarden" and walks out the door.
What do blind people think of a basketball? It's a never ending story.
When is it time to bury the baby that you killed? When it starts talking to you again.
A guy gets a call from his doctor... ... and the doctor says "Fred, your tests came back and I have some really bad news." Fred replies "What is it doc?" The doctor says "You're going to die in 10" "So I'm going to live for 10 more years! That's not too bad." he replies. Doctor says "9...8...7..."
(Irish joke, sorry guys). A teacher is giving an English lesson on the word "Contagious"... ...She asks the class for examples of when they have heard the word being used. One eager child says "Daddy says to cover my mouth when I cough because my cold is contagious". "Very good!" replied the teacher, "has anybody else got an example?". "My mummy says my laugh is contagious", said another child. "Great answer!", said the teacher, "How about you Paddy?" (apologies for the token Irish name). "Well, our neighbour is painting his fence with a toothbrush", said Paddy, "Dad says it's going to take the contagious!"
A guy gets a call from his doctor... ... and the doctor says "I have some good news and I have some bad news." The man says, "Well, tell me the good news first." The doctor replies, "Well, the good news is they're going to name a disease after you..."
My butcher introduced me to his wife the other day... He brought her out and said, "meet patty"
What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law? Outlaws are wanted.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef
So Jan gets a job driving a school bus. The first day of school, Jan is given the bus she's to drive. She's driving an elementary-school route, so the inside of the bus has been decked out with Sesame Street characters; muppets pasted on every wall. Jan shrugs and gets started on her route. The first kid is a super fat little girl. "Hi, I'm Patty!" Says the kid. Jan shrugs. Then heads up the street to the next stop, another super chubby girl who gets on saying "Hi, my name's Patty!" Jan considers the odds, but moves on. The next stop was a little tricky. A kid named Ross had severe downs syndrom, and was in a high tech wheel chair. The bus was equipped for "special" students. Jan had never worked that kind of equipment before, but she got Ross on safely and buckled in, despite his special scenario. The next seven or eight kids were fairly normal, as normal as grade-school kids get at least, right up until this unhealthy little kid named Lenny Graves hops on. This kid has a rough case of bunions, and he spends the rest of the bus ride bothering all the other kids by picking at them. At least a dozen times before they reached the school, some new kid was complaining that "Lenny G" was grossing them out. So after her first day was done, Jan had to hit the bar. The bartender, Mike, knew her pretty well, and could tell she was stressed out. "What's wrong?" Mike asked. Jan groaned. "My new job is awful," she complains, taking her drink. "I'm driving two obese Patties, special Ross, Lenny G picking bunions on a Sesame Street bus." &gt; As always, I'm so very sorry.
Who are a fat person's two best friends Ben and Jerry.
Well..... A man and a woman are having sex they finish up and the man goes for a smoke he sees a picture of a man on the woman's nightstand he asks hey is that a picture of your dad? The woman replies no silly that's not my dad The man asks is that your brother She replies no silly that's not my brother The man says Then who is it? The woman replies that's me before the operation
What do fat white chicks and bricks have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.
It's my birthday, so here's a related joke. Why are birthdays good for you? - - - - - Statistics show: those who have the most, live the longest.
Why'd the man buy a 30 pack of condoms instead of the 10 pack... So he'd get the best bang for his buck.
Jesus saved my life... And before I could thank him he got in the car with Miguel and drove away.
I keep missing my ex-girlfriend. But my aim is getting better.
Vaginas are living proof... That beauty truly does lie on the inside.
So after serving overseas for 6 months a soldier calls home... ...his brother picks up the phone, they say their hellos and ask how each other are doing. The soldier then asks how everything is with the rest of the family. The brother says, "Well, the cat died." The soldier is shocked by this and answers, "You can't just drop that on me, you need to ease me into it! Start by saying 'Fluffy got on the roof the other day' then 'Fluffy fell' and 'Fluffy didn't make it. The brother responds, "Alright, I'm sorry. ...Mom got on the roof the other day..."
Why can you not play UNO with mexicans? They take all the green cards.
What's the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Chuck Norris is a wimp... If he were really as badass as they say he is, he would walk in here right now and start slamming my face into the keybdilfvbasjklkjcbnacnbzcjkbs; fsidfbaa3048fhsdk;ufb fba'aspfj4hn4
What's the difference between light and hard? I can go to sleep with the light on.
An man goes to buy some Viagra. He explains to the doctor that a couple of young girls are staying at his place for the weekend. The doctor sells him the pills, and sends him on his way. On Monday, the man comes back and asks for some painkillers. The doctor says, "What did you do to cause so much pain to your penis?" The man says, "Oh, these aren't for my penis. They're for my wrist. The girls never showed up!"
My wife left me because I kept touching pasta inappropriately... Now I'm feeling cannelloni
A man was walking down a country road... When he heard a voice coming from behind a tree, but all he could see was a horse. "Hello, remember me?" the voice said. "I won the Kentucky Derby two years ago." "A talking horse!" the man exclaimed, so he rushed to a nearby field where he found was working and asked, "What would you take for the horse?" "That horse is no good, you can have him for twenty dollars." "Twenty dollars! I'll give you two thousand!" "Has that old haybag been giving you that baloney about winning the Kentucky Derby? Listen, I happen to know that he came in last."
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.
An old woman reaches the end of her life.. A very old woman realizes that she's seen and done everything and the time has come to depart from this world. After considering various methods of doing away with herself, she decides to shoot herself through the heart. Not wanting to make a mistake, she phones her doctor and asks him the exact location of the heart. He tells her that the heart is located two inches below the left nipple. The old woman hangs up the phone, takes careful aim and shoots herself in the left knee.
What do you call a asian and a black guy?? A math problem.
My girlfriend said she was leaving me due to my obsession with the 60's group The Monkees. I thought she was joking... and then I saw her face...
The couples had a code word "Washing machine" as signal for sex As the couple had two children who couldn't be judged whether they're sleeping or not. One day, the husband became horny at night, so he signalled "Washing machine". But his wife was in head ache..So, she told she couldn't. After some time, feeling pity for her husband the wife signalled "Washing machine". The husband replied "I have washed it with my hands"
my sister... My sister asked if I wanted to have sex, I said "well if you incest."
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new piano? Neither has he.
You were a great man, Christopher Columbus ... ... to think you had the foresight of giving me work off 5 centuries later.
Two Hunters Head into the Woods... Tracking moose, they eventually split up, until one of them is in a clearing and the other is still in the forest. The one in the clearing hears the other hunter rustling around and points his gun towards the sound. The other hunter comes into the clearing saying "Dont shoot! I'm not a moose"... but the first hunter shoots him anyway. The hunter who was shot says "Why'd you shoot me, I said I wasn't a moose!" The shooter responds "OOOh... I thought you said you were a moose!"
Little Johnny lost his eye in a tragic accident But being from a very poor family, he was unable to get a glass replacement. Instead, he was fitted with a wooden eye, which ruined what there was of his high school social life. No one would talk to him, and he had no friends. Finally senior year rolled around, and he found himself alone in the corner at senior prom. Scanning the room, he saw Susan, another loner, shunned by her peers because she had a rather unsightly hare lip. Gathering up his courage, he crossed the room and caught her attention. "Susan, I was just wondering, since you're all alone, if maybe you would like to dance with me?" he asked. "Would I!!" she replied. "Fuck you, hare lip"
What's yellow and lies in a pond? Disclaimer: I don't know how well this joke will work in english. What's yellow and lies in a pond? An excevator. You don't think this is funny? Neither does the operator.
Three Daughters One day, three daughters were spending time with their father when a question arised from the first daughter. "Father, Why is my name, Rose?", she asked. "When you were born, a Rose dropped on your head, and so we decided to name you Rose", explained the father. The second daughter then approached her father: "Father, Why is my name Daisy?" - she asked. "When you were born, a Daisy fell on your head, and therefore we decided to name you Daisy." Lastly, the third daughter then approached her father: "duuuuh, uh, duh, bur bur, mur duh ah" The father then replied: "Shut up Cinderblock."
Who likes debates Defish
Bubble wrap I work in the props department for a stage show company. Yesterday my boss asked me to fetch a 30-yard roll of bubble wrap from the store room. I brought it to her but her hands were full so she told me to just pop it in the corner. Took me an hour.
Did you hear about the wooden horse? Wooden poop.
A man escapes from prison where he has been for 15 years. He breaks into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed. He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair, while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife: "Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck. If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you." To which his wife responds: "He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey. I love you too!!"
An American touring Spain stopped at a local restaurant following a day of sightseeing. While sipping his sangria, he noticed a sizzling, scrumptious looking platter being served at the next table. Not only did it look good, the smell was wonderful. He asked the waiter, "What is that you just served?" The waiter replied, " Ah senor, you have excellent taste! Those are bull's testicles from the bull fight this morning. A delicacy!" The American, though momentarily daunted, said, "What the hell, I'm on vacation! Bring me an order!" The waiter replied, "I am so sorry senor. There is only one serving per day because there is only one bull fight each morning. If you come early tomorrow and place your order, we will be sure to save you this delicacy!" The next morning, the American returned, placed his order, and then that evening he was served the one and only special delicacy of the day. After a few bites, and inspecting the contents of his platter, he called to the waiter and said, "These are delicious, but they are much, much smaller than the ones I saw you serve yesterday!" The waiter shrugged his shoulders and replied, "Si senor. Sometimes the bull wins."
So a Bear Walks Into a Bar... and the bartender says, "What'll it be?" The bear says," I'll have a drink and a... bag of peanuts." The bartender says, "Why the big pause?"
A man is sent to prison upon arriving his biggest fear is being someone's bitch. he gets to his cell and his cellmate tells him "I only have two rules."" The first is I get the bottom bunk." The man immediately agrees hoping to avoid any confrontation. "The second rule is I like to play house to right now you have to decide if you want to be the husband or the wife?" The man quickly responds "husband." "Well then get over here and suck your wife's dick."
What are the two most important holes on a woman? The Nostrils. So she can breathe while giving me a blow job. *My 10 year old brother told me this today
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first mathematician orders a beer; the second orders half a beer; the third orders a quarter of a beer. When the fourth mathematician walks up, the bartender looks at him with impatient eyes and a serious face. "I'll have an eighth of a beer." The bartender pours two beers and yells to the crowd, "You're all assholes! Just want you to know that!"
So, Alex had two parrots named Bob and Jim. Alex was an older gentlemen, retired and fairly religious with lots of time on his hands. He figured it'd be fun to pass his time teaching the parrots to pray the rosary. Alex went to his church, got a two small sets of rosary beads, gave them to Bob and Jim and got to work. After months of patience and no small amount of personal spiritual meditation, Bob and Jim could work the beads and recite all the prayers of the rosary. Now, Alex wasn't *that* religious, which is why the first place he took Bob and Jim was the bar to show his friends, but sure enough one thing lead to another, and soon Alex found himself going from church to church across the country introducing folks to his praying parrots. Alex was having the time of his life! He was so pleased with his adventures that he decided to teach more birds to pray. He went shopping, and found the most beautiful, brightly colored female parrot he'd ever seen. No sooner did he bring the new parrot in the door did he hear Bob say "Hey Jim! Throw out them damn' beads! We finally got what we was prayin' for!"
Oh My? There's this guy at a beach and sees a woman with huge tits. So he goes over and asked her if he can touch them for $20? She looks at him and says "No! Not for $20!" Then he says how about a $100? She again says "Not even for $100!" Then he says "How about $500?, would you let me rub them?" She looks at him "OK, you can rub them for $500." As he's rubbing and fondling them he's saying "oh my ... oh my!" She looks at him and asks "Why are you saying oh my oh my?" He gets up and says "Oh my , where am I going to get $500?"
The Birds and the Bees A mother is in the kitchen making dinner for her family when her daughter walks in. "Mother, where do babies come from?" The mother thinks for a few seconds and says, "Well dear, Mommy and Daddy fall in love and get married. One night they go into their bedroom, they kiss and hug and have sex." The daughter looks puzzled so the mother continues, "That means the daddy puts his penis in the mommy's vagina. That's how you get a baby, honey." The child seems to comprehend. "Oh, I see, but the other night when I came into your room you had daddy's penis in your mouth. What do you get when you do that?" "Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry."
Fuck a horse.... Enjoy a stable relationship
Hitler gave his orders ...and his army set off. They spent all day attacking and capturing the Jews. After 4 camps were filled, they returned to Hitler's base. He closed the door and completely went off on his officers. "Damnit!" he roared. "I said I wanted concentrated juice, not concentrated Jews!"
A liberal, a conservative and a libertarian walk in to a bar. Bartender says, what'll ya have Mitt?
Its been reported in the news that an 18 year old girl celebrating her birthday had to get her stomach removed after drinking a cocktail with liquid nitrogen in it... When asked how she felt she simply replied, "Gutted"
Two clean jokes that start dirty. What's brown and sticky? A STICK! What's a foot long and slippery? A SLIPPER!
I was trying to think of a pun about herbs and fish But it was neither the thyme nor plaice
French Horn Two women are talking with each other. One asks the other "What happened to the French Horn player that you were dating?" The other says, "We broke up...he was a little freaky." "How do you mean?" asks the other "Well," she answers "let me put it like this. Every time we would kiss, he tried to shove his fist up my ass."
It's a convict's first day in prison he's a young convict and here's there crying. An older convict sits down and goes, 'Look, calm down, prison's not such a bad place. Like, for instance, do you like movies?' And he goes, 'Yeah I like movies.' He goes, 'Every Monday we show a movie on the screen, first run movie.' He goes, 'That's great.' He goes, 'And you like baseball?' He goes, 'Yeah.' 'Every Tuesday we arrange a baseball game.' He goes, 'That's terrific.' And he goes, 'You like Italian food?' And he goes, 'Yeah I love Italian food.' He goes, 'In the cafeteria on Wednesday, it's all Italian food. Let me ask you one more thing. Are you a homosexual?' And he goes, 'No.' He goes, 'Eh, you're not going to like Thursday.'
A man is sentenced to 15 years in prison, but escapes after only 3 days He's taken in front of a judge, who orders the prisoner to explain his actions. The prisoner says "Well your honor, the first day, they gave me a comb, then shaved off all my hair. The second day, they gave me a tooth brush, then pulled out all my teeth. The third day, they gave me a jock strap, I went over the wall". "Case dismissed" declares the judge
Do you know why WWII got the world out of The Great Depression? Because we got all the money back from the Jews.
I saw a blind person skydiving today Man, what a jerk. Scaring his poor dog like that...
An IRS auditor visits a synagogue... ...and requests that the rabbi answer a few questions. "You guys sure burn a lot of candles here. What do with all the leftover wax?" asks the auditor. "Well, we try to be environmentally friendly, so we send it back to the candle factory, and they send us back new candles," answers the Rabbi. "You guys also tear a lot of cloth. What do you do with the scraps?" "Again, we try to recycle, so we send it back to the textile mill, and they send us back new cloth." "One more question. You guys sure cut a lot of foreskins here. What do you do with the extras?" "Well, we send them to the IRS and get back a dick like you!"
Enough with the bass jokes. Just drop it. wubwubwub
The awesome power of a wife's love A very old man lay dying in his bed. In death's doorway, he suddenly smelled the aroma of his favorite chocolate chip cookie wafting up the stairs. He gathered his remaining strength and lifted himself from the bed. Leaning against the wall, he slowly made his way out of the bedroom, and with even greater effort forced himself down the stairs, gripping the railing with both hands. With labored breath, he leaned against the door frame, gazing into the kitchen. Were it not for death's agony, he would have thought himself already in heaven. There, spread out on newspapers on the kitchen table were literally hundreds of his favorite chocolate chip cookies. Was it heaven? Or was it one final act of heroic love from his devoted wife, seeing to it that he left this world a happy man? Mustering one great final effort, he threw himself toward the table. The aged and withered hand, shaking, made its way to a cookie at the edge of the table, when he was suddenly smacked with a spatula by his wife. "Stay out of those," she said. "They're for the funeral."
usain bolt, the fastest man in the world, can run almost 30mph. that means if were to run in a neighborhood, he could get pulled over by the cops...for being black.
What do you call it when a crow throws a party and no one shows up? An attempted murder.
if men fall asleep directly after sex . . . why is it so hard to catch a rapist? -Jimmy Carr p.s. never high five a rabbi
The Black Knight is coming (NSFW) One day, a minstrel was passing through the forest when he came upon a small inn. The minstrel was thrilled at the opportunity to get a clean bed, some hot food, and most importantly one of the inn's famous forest beers, which were legendary. Later in the evening, the minstrel was about to get a hand on one of those legendary beers when someone burst through the front door and shouted, "the Black Knight is coming!" Everyone in the inn immediately sprinted out the door to hide in the forest, and the minstrel, being a passerby, followed suit. The minstrel spent the entire night huddled in fear with the others in the forest. The next evening, the minstrel had just about brought one of the beers to his lips when again, someone burst through the door and shouted, "the Black Knight is coming!" and again everyone spent the night terrorized in the forest. The evening of the third day came and the minstrel was determined to have his beer, and when the announcement was made and everyone ran outside, the minstrel thought to himself, "Black Knight or not, I'm drinking this beer!" and proceded to enjoy the greatest beer he had ever encountered in his life. Suddenly, the front door burst open and an enormous barbarian stood in the door way. The man seemed to be around 10 feet tall, had a huge black beard, was covered in bear furs, and most importantly carried an axe that was easily the size of the minstrel. He slowly approached the terrified minstrel with an evil look in his eye and in a grizzly deep voice he said, "kneel." The throughly frightened minstrel complied. The huge barbarian pulled out his cock, which was easily the length of a man's arm, and said, "suck it." The minstrel looked at the massive axe and complied. The barbarian then said, "but do it quickly, because the Black Knight is coming."
So...Donald Trump was on The View today. I kept rewinding it and watching it trying to spot Elizabeth Hasselbeck's boner.
What do you call a bee in the garage? Garbage.
A man walks into a sex doctor's office... (Possibly NSFW) And the doctor asks what is the man's problem. "Well doc, before we get started, you need to know that I have a small penis..." "Sir," interrupted the doctor, "I am a professional. I have seen more penises than you could possibly imagine: big ones, small ones, cut ones, uncut ones, ones with pubes reaching the glans, ones with a megaton of smegma, ones covered in warts and herpes and sores. Heck, I've even had a man with TWO penises as a patient for several years. So do not worry, I will not judge you based on your penis." "Okay doc, thank you for that," says the man as he drops his pants. As soon as he does, he reveals the smallest micropenis imaginable. It was probably smaller than the fingernail on his pinky finger. The doctor takes one look at this, and starts laughing, uncontrollably, for 10 minutes because he is in such a state of disbelief. After calming down, the doc apologizes saying he does not know what came over him, and asks what the man's problem is. "Well I took some Viagra yesterday, and this erection STILL won't go away..."
A DEA officer stopped at our farm yesterday.. A DEA officer stopped at our farm yesterday "I need to inspect your farm for illegally growing drugs" I said 'Okay, but don't go in that field over there....", The DEA officer verbally exploded saying "Mister, i have the authority of the federal government with me! Reaching into his rear pants pocket the arrogant officer pulled out his badge and shoved it in my face. "See this fucking badge?! This badge means I am allowed to go wherever i wish.. On ANY land!! No questions asked or answers given! Have i made myself clear?.. Do you understand?!!" I nodded politely, apologized, and went about my day. A short time later, i heard loud screams, looked up, and saw the DEA officer running for his life, being chased by my old mean bull.. With every step the bull was gaining ground on the officer, and it seemed likely that he'd sure enough get gored before he reached safety. The officer was clearly terrified. I threw down my tools, ran to the fence yelling at the top of my lungs... Your badge! Show him your fucking BADGE!"
Has anyone heard this one? I think I came up with it in a dream? I usually don't remember anything I dream, and don't ever dream anything "creative." However, I was sleeping on the couch with the TV on, so Idk; here it is: If I were a bear, I would walk around mauling the shit out of everyone. When asked, "how can you commit such *grizzly* murders," I would simply reply: "The fuck do I know, I'm a bear." Not even sure if it's as funny as I think, but has anyone ever encountered that one?
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip
I went to the zoo the other day, there was a dog there. It was a shitzu
This just in: A white flag factory has burned to the ground in Paris... ... Effectively crippling the French military.
Floating in Wreckage Captain Hicks and Private Gains are floating on wreckage material somewhere out in the middle of the ocean. Asks Captain Hicks: Why didn't you tell me the ship had sprung such a leak? Replies Private Gains: Loose lips sink ships.
Baby Confusion An English, a Pakistani, and an Irish couple all simultaneously arrive at a hospital, all of the wives in the couple going into labour at approximately the same time. All of the babies were delivered healthily after fairly routine births but unfortunately, after placing the babies in their cradles, the nurse realized that she had forgotten to place tags on the different sheets. She informed the doctor of her mistake and that she was unable to recall which baby was which. The doctor was something of a scientist and believed that there was a parenting instinct which would allow them to identify the babies. He said they would let the couples go in, look at the babies, and take whichever one they identified as their own through this inherent, natural drive. The English couple went first, returning almost immediately carrying the darkest skinned child. The nurse, recognizing this, approached the English couple to inform them;. "Sir, no offence, but I believe that this child belongs to that Pakistani couple over there" "Yeah, I know mate, but I heard that the other couple over there is Irish and I'm not taking any chances"
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? Little Caesars
My grandfather always said, "Don't watch your money; watch your health." So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather. This is a joke by Jackie Mason, i'm not claiming it as my own
Honey I won the Lottery. Overly exuberant husband came home. "Honey pack your bags I just won the lottery!" Wife; "Where are we going?". Husband; "We are not going anywhere - get the fuck out!"
You Should'nt mess with a gambler:P Johnnie's father took him to class his first day of school. Johnnie's dad pulled the teacher aside and told her, Johnnie has a bad gambling problem so don't make a bet with him you can't win. The teacher agreed. When the teacher was passing out the text books Johnny said, teach I'll make a bet with you,she replied ok what? Johnny said I'll bet you fifty dollars I can tell you what color panties you have on. She agreed and told him after the last bell he was to stay in the room and then he could guess. while Johnny and the class were at recess the teacher took her panties off and put them in her purse. When school was out Johnny stayed in the classroom and the teacher locked the door and said okay Johnny what color are they? He replied yellow. so the teacher raised her dress and said no your wrong, I'm not wearing any. Johnny asked her to walk him out to his dads car and he would get her money. so as Johnny passed his dad going to the car the teacher told his dad that Johnny finally got beat. He said what do you mean she said Johnny bet me fifty dollars he could tell me what color panties I had on so I took them off. The father replied that son of a bitch he bet me a hundred dollars he could see your pussy before the end of the Day.=)) X_X.
How can you tell if a person's a vegan? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
What do Hutterites do on Halloween? Pump-kin
The singing blowjob A man is at work and here's his coworkers talking about their wild weekend. Apparently the local brothel has a new prospect who can sing while performing falacio. The man must see this so he goes to the brothel and asks for the service. The maiden agreed told him to go in the room put on a blindfold and not to take it off and sit down in and his escort would be in shortly. The escort comes in sees he is ready and starts doing her thing. The escort starts singing and he can't believe it and takes off his blindfold looks down and sees her trickery. The escort, embarrassed, puts on her eyepatch on and leaves.
fishing by the river A man and his friend were fishing by the river when a funeral procession approached. The man stood up, took off his hat, and waited for the procession to pass, and sat back down. His friend said,"That was very respectful of you, very nice." The man then replied,"Well we were married for 40 years."
The Wasp who Won America's Heart (shaggy dog) Deep in the wasp swamps of the wasp Florida keys, there lived a young wasp. Just as a proper wasp does, this wasp worked day and night for the hive. He worked and slaved and gave his all - but this wasp was no regular wasp, for within him was the ambition and the wisdom of a great, great wasp. So, with a tearful goodbye to his wasp coworkers, his wasp friends and his wasp parents (normal, hard working waspfolk with traditional wasp morals and a burning love for their son), he left and headed north to wasp New York City. Wasp New York was a hell of a town, buzzing with wasp businessmen and wasp artists. The young wasp was in awe, but undeterred - he enrolled in wasp school and worked hard to achieve his wasp degree. Hungry for knowledge, he continued to study - an undergraduate turned into a Master's program, and within a few short years he finally had two wasp PhD's; one in wasp economics and another in wasp political science. With the accolades of a pundit, the wasp began to gain recognition. Radio talk shows began to call and ask for his comments on wasp activism; soon he would star on wasp television. Respect became fame, and the wasp decided he should run for mayor of wasp New York. With a brilliant campaign strategy and a league of supporters, he became mayor in a landslide vote. He ran the city impeccably, enacting wasp social reform and balancing the wasp budget. But mayor was not his endgame. This wasp was serious, and after a brief but outstandingly successful wasp term in office he decided to run for governor. Again, the wasp masses loved him and he was a great success - and again, he was a great leader. Some wasps began to call him the greatest wasp that ever lived; a claim which, in time, began to echo throughout wasp schools and wasp workplaces. It was clear that he had only one choice: to become wasp president of wasp United States. The eight years he proceeded to serve in the wasp oval office were an era of modest, virtuous decadence. Every wasp home was prosperous and moral; every school praised the wasp president as wasps throughout the country lived a utopian life. No wasp leader before or after could have made a claim to a fraction of his popularity or skill. Finally, as his last day in office came to a close, the wasp breathed a sigh of relief. His life had been an absolute success in every sense of the word, and now lay before him boundless possibilities. The wasp sat, pondering how he should live his days now that he had done his life's work. Strangely, he kept thinking of the hive - his home, his birthplace; the faces of his parents seemed blurred in the haze of his hectic life. To return to the hive, he resolved, was the only way he could peacefully rest and appreciate his life. And so he flew back. The journey was long and arduous, not meant for a wasp so old as the president. Days became weeks, but in time, he made it back. He hugged his wasp parents harder than ever before, and they congratulated him on a life well lived. "Whatever shall you do now?", asked his mother. "Well...", said the wasp, "...I sure am thirsty. I guess right now I'd like to go grab a drink from the old watering hole." Off he went, back to the pond he remembered from his youth. He made it there quickly, but was dismayed to see there was a very long line of wasps waiting to drink. Though famous, he was modest - he refused to cut in line and insisted on waiting. An hour passed, and then two, the line barely moving at all. "Shucks, I guess I'll have to get some soda pop." He flew to the soda shoppe - but there was a line there too! And this one even longer than the watering hole line! "That tears it", he moaned, "I'm going to go get some punch!" Thankfully, there was no punch line.
What do you call a well rounded, very intelligent gay man? A homogeneous homo genius!
Joey the altar boy goes to confession and says... 'Bless me Father, for I have sinned. I have been with a loose girl'. 'And who was the girl you were with?' 'I can't tell you, Father. I don't want to ruin her reputation'. "Well, I'm sure to find out her name sooner or later, so you may as well tell me now. Was it Tina Minetti? 'I cannot say.' 'Was it Teresa Mazzarelli?' 'I'll never tell.' 'Was it Nina Capelli?' 'I'm sorry, but I cannot name her.' 'Was it Cathy Piriano?' 'My lips are sealed.' 'Was it Rosa DiAngelo, then?' 'Please, Father, I cannot tell you.' The priest sighs in frustration. 'You're very tight lipped, and I admire that. But you've sinned and have to atone. You cannot be an altar boy now for 4 months. Now you go and behave yourself.' Joey walks back to his pew, and his friend Franco slides over and whispers, 'What'd you get?' 'Four months vacation and five good leads.'
Short self made joke, pretty offensive. Did you hear about the cannibal who is a vegetarian? Yea, he only eats vegetables.
The hobo and the nun A hobo boarded a bus, and saw a strikingly beautiful nun. Being the perverted hobo that he was, he went up to her and asked if they could have amazing sex for hours. Of course, the nun gasped, and ran out of the bus. Dejected, the hobo was about to leave the bus when he saw the old bus driver beckoning him. "Hey you, come over here. I know a secret about that nun; she used to have a boyfriend, but he died a couple days back. I know that she goes to his grave every day, and prays that he will come back alive. I bet that if you go to the grave and pretend to be the dead boyfriend, the nun will have sex with you!" Of course, the hobo decided to give the bus driver guys advice a shot. He went to the boyfriends grave and hid inside it. He waited for a couple hours, but the nun wasn't there. He was about to give up and leave, but the hobo suddenly heard someone coming, and the sound of prayers! Excited, he jumped out of the hole and said, "Baby, it's me! I'm alive again: in celebration, lets have sex." The nun was stunned, and said, "Yes, oh yes! But...We'll have to only go anal, otherwise my Reverend will punish me for losing my chastity." The hobo was fine with anything, and they proceeded to have ecstatic anal sex for 4 hours. After finishing, the hobo felt guilty and said, "I'm sorry, but I'm actually the hobo: not your boyfriend." The nun, with a grin on his face replied, "I'm sorry, but I'm the bus driver."
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster-shucker and a hooker with diarrhea? One shucks between fits, and the other fucks between shits.
I have you know that my penis was once in the Guinness book of world records... but then the librarian yelled and told me to leave the library.
I am quite old, so I wasn't shocked today during a thorough inspection to find that I had a gray pubic hair. The other people on the elevator seemed pretty surprised, though.
What do you get when you cross a black and asian man? (slightly racist) A car thief that can't drive.
What do you call a pig making cookies? Bakin'!
Two pretzels were walking down the street... ...One was a salted.
One day an auto mechanic was working under a car... and some brake fluid accidentally dripped into his mouth. "Wow," he thought to himself. "That stuff tastes good!" The next day he told a friend about his amazing discovery. "It's really good," he said. "I think I'll have a little more today." His friend was concerned but didn't say anything. The next day the mechanic told his friend he'd drunk an entire cup full of the brake fluid. "It's great stuff!" A few days later he was up to a bottle a day. And now his friend was really worried. "Don't you know brake fluid is toxic? It's very bad for you," said the friend. "You'd better stop drinking it." "Hey, no problem," he said. "I can stop any time."
Colin was bragging to his boss one day, "You know, I know everyone there is to know. Just name someone, anyone, and I know them. Tired of his boasting, his boss called his bluff, "OK, Colin how about Tom Cruise?" "Sure, yes, Tom and I are old friends, and I can prove it." So Colin and his boss fly out to Hollywood and knock on Tom Cruise's door and sure enough, Tom Cruise shouts, "Colin! Great to see you! You and your friend come right in and join me for lunch!" Although impressed, Colin's boss is still sceptical. After they leave Cruise's house, he tells Colin that he thinks Colin's knowing Cruise was just lucky. "No, no, just name anyone else," Colin says. "President Clinton," his boss quickly retorts. "Yes," Colin says, "I know him, let's fly out to Washington." And off they go. At the White House, Clinton spots Colin on the tour and motions him and his boss over, saying, "Colin, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in and let's have a cup of coffee first and catch up." Well, the boss is very shaken by now but still not totally convinced. After they leave the White House grounds he expresses his doubts to Colin, who again implores him to name anyone else. "The Pope," his boss replies. "Sure!" says Colin. "My folks are from Poland, and I've known the Pope a long time." So off they fly to Rome. Colin and his boss are assembled with the masses in Vatican Square when Colin says, "This will never work. I can't catch the Pope's eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let me just go upstairs and I'll come out on the balcony with the Pope." And he disappears into the crowd headed toward the Vatican. Sure enough, half an hour later Colin emerges with the Pope on the balcony but by the time Colin returns, he finds that his boss has had a heart attack and is surrounded by paramedics. Working his way to his boss' side, Colin asks him, "What happened?" His boss looks up and says, "I was doing fine until you and the Pope came out on the balcony and the man next to me said, "Who the hell's that on the balcony with Colin?"
3 priest and 3 little boys... Are in a small boat fishing. All of a sudden the boat starts to sink. The first priest says " We need to save the children ". The 2nd priest says " Fuck the kids". The 3rd priest says " Do you think we'll have time?".
Physics! What hurts really bad? Frequency!
Women are like public toilets... They're all dirty except for the disabled ones.
Magic sandals A married couple were on holiday in Jamaica . They were touring around the market-place looking at the goods and such, when they passed a small sandal shop. From inside they heard the shopkeeper with a Jamaican accent say, 'You foreigners! Come in. Come into my humble shop.' So the married couple walked in. The Jamaican said to them, 'I 'ave some special sandals I tink you would be interested in. Dey makes you wild at sex.' Well, the wife was really interested in buying the sandals after what the man claimed, but her husband felt he really didn't need them, being the Sex God that he was. The husband asked the man, 'How could sandals make you a sex freak?' The Jamaican replied, 'Just try dem on, Mon.' Well, the husband, after some badgering from his wife, finally gave in and tried them on. As soon as he slipped them onto his feet, he got this wild look in his eyes, something his wife hadn't seen before!! In the blink of an eye, the husband grabbed the Jamaican, bent him over the table, yanked down his pants, ripped down his own pants, and grabbed a firm hold of the Jamaican's thighs. The Jamaican began screaming: 'You got dem on de wrong feet!'
NSFW don't read if your easily offended. Why don't black people like to dream. Because the last black guy to have a dream died.
If you have Spotify on your Ipad... then technically you're "having your period".
A man walks into a convienence store A man walks into a convince store to pick up some condoms. As he approaches the counter he notices the very cute girl behind the counter is staring at him. Overcome by a wave of shyness, he says "What? They're for my wife."
We were in bed, my running hands down her back. One side of my mind said "you shouldn't be sleeping with your patients". But I was reassured when the other side of my mind said "don't worry, you're a vet".
NSFW, What did Hitler say to the black Jew? GET TO THE BACK OF THE OVEN!
A baby seal... ... walks into a club.
Three men were sitting in a life boat... Three men were sitting in a life boat for 4 weeks after their boat had collapsed. On the start of the 5th week, one of the men said "We might as well kill ourselves, we'll never be saved!" The other man replied "No, my friend. I still have faith that the Lord will save us." That's when the third man stood up and revealed himself to be Jesus Christ, "Your faith has saved you brother." The two men stared in shock at the revelation when one of them said "You could have said something before we ate the fourth guy."
Mitt Romney .
A CHP officer noticed a car going extremely slowly down a freeway... It was going a little over 10 mph according to his radar gun, and as it was completely screwing up the rest of traffic, he decided to pull it over. He notices that the driver is a blonde woman, and proceeds to go through the typical routine. "Do you know why I pulled you over ma'am?" he asked. "No officer," she replied. "You were going just over 10 mph in a 65 zone, which is extremely dangerous." "65? I thought the speed limit was 12; I mean all of the signs on the freeway say 12." "That's the freeway number. The speed limit signs are the big white rectangular ones; they usually say 65 or 55." "Oh, silly me. Thank you for letting me know." The officer, realizing that the woman is obviously a new driver, decides to let her off with a warning, when he notices the rest of the passengers in the car are extremely pale, sweaty, clutching their seats, and hyperventilating. He asks them if something is the matter. "Oh nothing officer, we just turned off from highway 101."
Why did the chicken cross the road? She heard there was a man laying bricks and she wanted to see it with her own eyes.
What did the egg say to the water? I cant get hard, i just got laid by the chicken.
What do Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville have in common ? They both shafted minors in the 1980's.
I'm shocked... Turns out toasters aren't waterproof.
difference between laugh and sex Teacher: what's the opposite of laughing? Kid: Sex Teacher: How dare you! And why is that? Kid: Because, laughing haha and sex is ahah
And the LORD said unto John... "Come forth and receive eternal life." But John came fifth and had to eat the biscuit[.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soggy_biscuit)
how do you catch a unique bunny? unique up on it. :) How do you catch a tame bunny? The TAME way!!! favorite cheesy joke.
Why did the stoplight turn red? Well, you would too, if you had to change in front of that many people!
There are 3 kinds of people in this world The ones who can count, and those who can't.
I like my women, like I like my coffee with cream in it
A man goes to a home that houses ladies of the night... He is welcomed in and asked by the man behind the counter how he can help him. "I need some action but all I have is $10. I know that's not enough but honestly if you can help me in anyway, id be truly grateful." The man behind the counter looks at him and says " Look, this is what I'll do for you. Go down the hall to the left. Enter the Third room on the right" "Thank you so much." Yells the horny man and proceeds down the hall to the left and enters the third door on the right. In the room is a large desk, a mirror and a chicken on a large bed. Thinking that you get what you paid for, he proceeds to have sex with the chicken. To his surprise, this is some of the best sex of his life. He leaves the room happy and satisfied. As he leaves he thanks the man at the desk. A few days later, the same man is back. This time he only has $5 and asks the man behind the desk if there is anything he can do? The man behind the counter looks at him and says " Ugh...Look, this is what I'll do for you. Go down the hall to the left. Enter the SECOND room on the right" "Seriously man, you are THE BEST!" He proceeds down the hall to the left and enters the Second door on the right. Inside he sees a room full of men all looking through a window watching 2 women go at it hardcore. Astounded, he asks the man next to him "Wow, is it always this good?" to which the other man replies "Man, you should have been here a few days ago. Some dude fucked a chicken!"
A young tree, curious about his lineage, asked an older tree, "Am I the son of a beech, or the son of a birch?" The older tree replied, "I don't know, but your mom was the finest piece of ash in the forest!"
when it comes to birth control, an ounce of prevention is worth about 6 and a half pounds of cure This should be here instead of r/funny
A man walks into a whorehouse with $10 He walks up to the front desk and puts the $10 on the counter, saying "This is all I've got." The matron frowns, and replies, "Our services start at $50, sir." But the man is not dissuaded. He pleads with the matron for any service she can offer for the amount he has. "Alright, alright," she says, "for $10, I can have Jennifer give you a penguin. Go down the hall to room 4." The man has never heard of this particular sexual act, but excited at his fortune, he runs down the hallway, finding room 4 and barging in. There on the bed is a beautiful woman, clad in furs and lace, sitting very seductively on the bed. She beckons him over, standing up and pushing the man down onto the bed. He still can't believe his good fortune, as this woman is incredibly attractive, and when she pulls down his pants, he can't help but ask her, "So, what's a penguin?" The woman smiles, and sweetly replies "Don't worry about it," as she leans down and takes the man into her mouth. She goes at it with such voracious hunger, like the man has never experienced, and before long, he's about ready to climax. Not wanting to upset the girl who's done such an amazing job so far, the man puts a hand on her head and softly says, "Oooh, I'm very close, my dear..." And without a word, Jennifer stands up, grabs her top, and walks out of the room. The man is quite obviously perplexed. After a minute goes by and she hasn't returned, he stands up, waddles over to the doorway and asks, "What's a penguin?"
I gave my cat a bath the other day... he liked it, but the fur stuck to my tongue.
Rape Baby A guy goes to job interview. His employer asks how his parents met. He says he is a rape baby. The boss asks if he mom is Christen. The guy asks how do you know?
Some rather cruel jokes (if you cant take a joke, dont follow this link NOTE* the following are more then likely (punchlines come after the "-") 1)racist 2)religionist 3)sexist 4)dirty 5)baby * A mexican and a black man are in a car. Which is driving? - the police officer * I believe in a black Santa Claus. - face it, a white man could never get into that many houses in one night * Whats the difference between a jew and a pizza? - pizzas dont scream when you put them in the oven * you know how they say black people are monkeys, well I know they arent. - monkeys swing from trees, they dont hang * why do brides wear white at their wedding? - you want your dishwasher to match the rest of your kitchen * Whats worse then finding a baby in your yard? - finding the baby after you mow * Why cant Mexicans cross the border in groups of three? - the sign says no TRESpassing
I recently learned diarrhea is genetic... Yeah, it runs in your genes.
I was staying in an Hotel Last night I was staying in an hotel, trying to get some sleep after a long day of travel, meetings, and work. I kept getting woken up by a woman screaming at me and beating on the door of the room. She just wouldn't stop, I tried to ignore her as best I could but I finally came to accept the fact, after a few hours, if I wanted to get any sleep, I would have to let her out. Edit: last sentence via Owlish.
Chancellor Angela Merkel visits Athens. Angela Merkel arrives at the Athens airport &amp; stops by the immigration check. "Nationality?" asks the Immigration officer. "German," she replies. "Occupation?" he asks. "No, just visiting for a few days."
Heard on the radio and could not resist repeating... "My ex-girlfriend never asked me use a condom." "Because she was on the pill." "Ambien."
A man and his wife go grocery shopping... A husband and wife are shopping in their local Wal-Mart. The husband picks up a case of Budweiser and puts it in their cart. "What do you think you're doing?" asks the wife. "They're on sale, only $10 for 24 cans" he replies. "Put them back, we can't afford them" demands the wife, and so they carry on shopping. A few aisles further the woman picks up a $20 jar of face cream and puts it in the basket. "What do you think you're doing?" asks the husband. "It's my face cream. It makes me look beautiful," replies the wife. Her husband retorts: "So does 24 cans of Budweiser and it's half the price."
It takes a second..... Two guys walk into a bar.... you think the second would have noticed. HA.
What do the iPhone 5 and Viagra have in common? They're both $700 for an extra inch!
Bar Bet A man walks into a bar. He walks up to the bartender and asks him if he has any bar bets that he could try out. The bartender says "Yes, in fact I do. I'll give you $10,000 if you can do three tasks". "That sounds reasonable, what do I have to do", the man replies. So the bartender tells him the three things he has to do. "The first thing you have to do is make the extremely tough biker gang sitting at the back of the bar leave. Next, you must go outside where you will find an alligator with a bad tooth. You need to wrestle the alligator, and rip out his tooth. Finally, your last task is to go upstairs in the attic and fuck the old lady up there until she orgasms." Reluctantly, the man agrees, deciding that the $10,000 would be worth it. First, he walks calmly up to the leader of the biker gang and tells him that if he leaves the bar now, he'll come out in a while and give him $1,000. The biker, realizing the potential for some quick cash agrees. Easy enough, the man thinks to himself. One down, two to go. He walks outside to deal with the alligator, and the entire bar hears a huge commotion. After almost an hour of hearing the man yell and shout, he finally walks back into the bar caked in sweat and mud. "Now where's that hooker with the bad tooth?"
Little boy's task A little black kid from the ghetto has a mother that wants to teach him about responsibility. So she sends him to the corner store and asks him to get her a wheel of cheese. On his way home he is so excited that he's doing what his mother asks him that he starts running home. While running he trips and the cheese goes rolling away from him and down the hill. At the bottom of the hill a man picks up the cheese and walks home. After arriving home his wife notices the cheese and asks where got it from. Responding, the husband says that it came rolling to him from the hill. When the wife asks what kind of cheese it is the husband answers "It must be nacho cheese cause there was a little black kid running down the hill yelling "ITS NOT CHO CHEESE, IT'S NOT CHO CHEESE!!!!"
What's dark, and usually involved in crime? A balaclava.
Try our curry, you'll never get better I don't get what's so funny about it, do you mind explaining it like I'm 5?
I think that I need faster internet My son was walking in circles waiting for my wife to give him a bite of food , (he's 5) she asked what he was doing. "Loading" he said. (I posted this in /r/funny, and it was suggested that /r/jokes would like it!)
Lottery- Gilbert Gottfried A man comes home to his wife and says "Honey pack your bags I just won the lottery!" She says "What should I pack?" He says "I don't care just pack and get the fuck out!"
Did you hear about the guy who needed to snort a line of baking soda every day? He was basically addicted.
Big Pause A bear walks into a tavern and sits at the bar. The bartender says, "What can I get'cha there, Bruno?" The bear says, "I'll have a rum and..." He's silent for 30 seconds, then adds, "Coke." The bartender says "OK. But what's with the big pause?" The bear lifts his front feet to his face, looks at them, and says "I've had them all my life. Ya got a problem with that, buddy?'
Cotton Mouth I hate when i get cotton mouth, but that happens a lot when you eat a lot of pants.
Proper old couple A very proper old British couple had been seeing each other for some time and decided to get married. They began discussing the terms of their marriage, their home, their life together. It was the gentleman who first brought up the topic of sex. "Well my dear, it seems to me we should broach the subject of our physical relationship. What are your feelings about sex?" She looked somewhat embarrassed. "Well, I must confess that I should like it infrequently." He looked at her very closely. "Was that one word, or two?"
A teacher in a bad neighborhood asks her students what they would like to be when they grow up. One boy says how he wants to be rich, and own 12 BMW's and a buch of Mercedes, and have a huge house. The teacher did not know what to say to this, so she moved on to the next student, Laquisha. She asked Laquisha what she wanted to be when she grew up and after a short pause she answered "his bitch".
It was my first time, I was nervous The first time I had sex I was really nervous, so I imagined my partner naked, it didn't help.
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question, feminists can't change anything.
Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry.
The Indian police gave up on a recent case... Turns out it was a naan-issue.
what do you call a black guy that flies airplanes? A pilot you fucking racist!
Ginger jokes So I've been looking around for some new ginger jokes, and was hoping you guys could help me. I know a bunch already, and am happy to post as many as I can think of to start this off. Offensive jokes are great, the worse the better. What's shorter than an asian's dick? A Ginger's temper. What's the difference between a Ginger and a vampire? One is a pale, bloodsucking creature that avoids the sun. The other is a vampire. What has the letters N I G E and R and is the most hated race on the planet? Ginger. If someone tells you a secret and says not to tell a soul, can you tell a ginger? What's the difference between a shoe and a ginger? A shoe has a soul. Whats the difference between a ginger and a snake? One is an evil, coldblooded, venomous, slimy creature of Satan, and the other is a snake What do gingers miss most about a great party? The invitation. If you're not dating a redhead, raise your hand. If you are, raise your standards. How do you get a ginger into an argument? Say something to them. Whats the difference between a ginger and a calender? The calender has dates.
No Sex Tonight. I never quite figured out why the sexual urge of men and women differ so much. And I never have figured out the whole Venus and Mars thing. I have never figured out why men think with their head and women with their heart. FOR EXAMPLE: One evening last week, my girlfriend and I were getting into bed. Well, the passion starts to heat up, and she eventually says "I don't feel like it, I just want you to hold me." I said "WHAT??!! What was that?!" So she says the words that every boyfriend on the planet dreads to hear... "You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man". She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?" Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The very next day I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, big unnamed department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several different very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said lets get a pair for each outfit. We went onto the jewelry department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. Let me tell you...she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a shipwreck. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn't even know how to play tennis. I think I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey". She was almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation she finally said, "I think this is all dear, let's go to the cashier". I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No honey, I don't feel like it". Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled "WHAT?". I then said "honey! I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman." And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?". Apparently I'm not having sex tonight either.
A woman finds a lost boy in the shopping centre. Woman: Where are your parents? Boy: I don't know! Woman: What is your mummy's name? Boy: (looking confused) Mummy. Woman: Ok, what does daddy call mummy? Boy: You Fucking Whore. (True Story BTW)
whats the difference between jam and marmalade?..... You can't marmalade your dick into a chick's ass.
I got an email telling me that it was vegan month... I felt bad putting the message in spam.
What do you call a deer without eyes? No eye deer. What do you call a deer without any eyes or legs? Still no eye deer. What do you call a deer without eyes, legs, or genitals? Still no fucking eye deer.
How often do Chinese people have elections? When they wake up every morning.
Boy buying his first box of condoms... A teenaged boy walks into the pharmacy to buy his first box of condoms. He doesn't really know what he's looking for though so he decides to ask the pharmacist his opinion. "What can I do for ya son?" The pharmacist asks. "Well, I'm meeting my girlfriend's parents at dinner tonight, and she and I agreed that afterwards we'd have sex for the first time, so I'm getting prepared." "Well that's not a problem, how many do you need? They come in 3, 6, and 12 packs." "Well," said the teen, "I'm hoping that our first time is so awesome she'll want more so I'll go with the 12 pack. Later that evening he arrives at his girlfriend's house and takes his seat at the dinner table. When the time for grace comes up, the boy volunteers to pray. He prays for a long, long time before coming to the amen. His girlfriend leans over and says, "You didn't tell me you were so religious." He replies, "you didn't tell me your dad was a pharmacist..."
Blowing chunks Two guys are talking and one asks the other, "Hey, you wanna go drinking later, I just got promoted?" The other replies, "Thanks, but I can't." "Aw, come one why not?" "Cause last time I went drinking, I blew chunks." "That's normal, people vomit after drinking all the time." "No, you don't understand; Chunks is my dog."
What's the fastest way to a man's heart? Through his chest with a sharp knife.
Stolen concept, but funny nonetheless. A farmer walked into his bedroom holding a lamb, waking his wife. He says "this is the pig I've been fucking." His wife says "that's not a pig, that's a lamb." The farmer yells " shut the fuck up, I was talking to the lamb!"
Gay jokes aren't funny Cum on guys...
what's the best part of... Having sex with a transvestite? Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
Why did the chicken cross the pathway? By doing so, he got to the other side. Romney 2012.
A man kills a deer... A man is out hunting and kills a deer. He brings it home to his family and cooks it, but doesn't tell his kids what it is. He said "I'll give you a hint, it's what your mother calls me." The youngest son cries out, "It's a fucking dick, don't eat it!"
Why couldn't the Meteor marry the Ice Comet? It had a fear of Cometment
What is the biggest danger to an ear f*cker? Hearing AIDS.
The Hitman A hitman walks out of a bar, and into the elevator of a nearby apartment building. He takes it to the floor that his next "victim" lives on. He was hired to kill a Reddito
Dance till you feel hurt. Sing till your lungs hurt. Act till you're William Hurt. - Phil Dunphy From Phil's Osophies (Modern Family). I have to get that book.
How Many Surrealists Does It Take to Change a Light Bulb? Fish
What's the difference between Jimmy Savile and a greyhound. The Greyhound waits for the hair to appear first.
What do you call someone who has one parent that is a Jew? Jew...ish
You can always take Terrence. The hermit goes into the bar, throws his money on to the counter and says to the bartender. - Give me a glass of whisky, a fine cigar and a beautiful woman. The bartender answers: - I can give you the whisky and the cigar, but sadly we don't have women here. If you really want, there is Terrence. - What do you think about me?- asks the hermit in anger- I'm not like that! So the hermit drinks his whisky, smokes his cigar and leaves. Ten years later the hermit comes again he is a little more starved and shaken. He throws his money again and asks: - Give me a glass of whisky, a fine cigar and a beautiful woman. The bartender answers the same: - I can give you the whisky and the cigar, but sadly we don't have women. If you really want, there is Terrence. - No! I have already told you, I'm not like that!- answers the hermit. So he drinks his whisky smokes his cigar and leaves again. Thirty years later the hermit comes all broken and rattled. He throws down his money once again and ask for the same thing: - Give me a glass of whisky, a fine cigar and a beautiful woman. The answer remains the same: - I can give you the whisky and the cigar as usual, but sadly we still don't have women. If you really want you can take Terrence. - I give up. - says the hermit - I'll take Terrence then. But can you promise me, that no one will ever know, because you know, I'm really not like that. - Well- says the bartender- No one has to know except me, you, Terrence of course, and the other six people who hold down Terrence, because he is not like that either.
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood? You can't gargle sand.
It was really hard for me to get over my addiction to the hokey cokey. But i've turned myself around, and that's what it's all about.
So Candlejack walks into a ba
Why does LeVar Burton not like to travel by airplane? He usually flies twice as high.
A woman goes into Discount Fishing Supplies to buy a rod and reel for her grandson's birthday.... She doesn't know which one to get, so she just picks one and goes over to the counter. The salesman is standing there, wearing dark shades. She says, "Excuse me. Can you tell me anything about this rod and reel?" He says, "Madam, I'm completely blind; but if you'll drop it on the counter, I can tell you everything you need to know about it from the sound it makes." She doesn't believe him but drops it on the counter anyway. He says, "That's a six-foot Shakespeare graphite rod with a Zebco 404 reel and 10-lb..Test line. It's a good all around combination, and it's actually on sale this week for $44." She says, "That's amazing that you can tell all that, just by the sound of it dropping on the counter. I'll take it!" As she opens her purse, her credit card drops on the floor. "Oh, that sounds like a Visa card," he says. As the lady bends down to pick up the card, she accidentally farts.. At first she's really embarrassed, but then realises there is no way the blind salesman would tell exactly who had farted. The man rings up the sale and says, "That'll be $58.50 please." The woman is totally confused by this and asks, "Didn't you tell me it was on sale for $44. How did you get $58.50?" "The Duck Caller is $11, and the Fish Bait is $3.50."
Headaches A man and his wife are getting into bed for the night. The man brings a glass of water and a bottle of aspirin to the bedroom and sets it down on his wife's nightstand. She asks him "What's that for?" to which the man replies "That's for your headache." "Headache? I don't have a headache..." The man responds "Well then, looks like we're having sex tonight!"
What do you call a Sailor's hitch in the arctic? Knot cool
A bit of a Republican joke George Bush, Queen Elizabeth, and Vladimir Putin all die and go to hell. While there, they spy a red phone and ask what the phone is for. The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth. Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check. Next Queen Elizabeth calls England and talks for 30 minutes. When she is finished the devil informs her that the cost is 6 million dollars, so she writes him a check. Finally George Bush gets his turn and talks for 4 hours. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00. When Putin hears this he goes ballistic and asks the devil why Bush got to call the USA so cheaply. The devil smiles and replies, " Since Obama took over , the country has gone to hell, so it's a local call."
Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine? He had nothing left to chauffeur it.
How do you tell if you're at a gay barbecue? The hot dogs taste like crap
An unemployed man is looking for a job He is searching through the paper in the job classifieds and reads and ad saying that the zoo is hiring. The next day he goes to the zoo and interviews for the job. They tell him he is a perfect fit and that they would like to offer him the job but they cant tell him what it is, and if he takes the job he can never tell anyone what he does or even that he works at the zoo. The man is desperate for a job so he agrees to take the job even though he doesnt know what it is. They then tell him that a week prior their prized gorilla died and they cant afford to buy a new one. His job is going to be to dress up as a gorilla and entertain zoo guests. Over the next few weeks he puts on his costume and acts like a gorilla but his boss comes to him and says that he isnt acting enough like a gorilla. He tells him to get into it, play to the crowd. The next day he is really hamming it up, banging on his chest, charging the glass, and just having fun. the crowd is really getting into it and he is feeding off of their exitement. Eventually he sees a rope in his enclosure and takes it up to the highest rock. He grabs it and swings all the way across his enclosure, but looses his grip and ends up flying over the wall and lands in the lions enclosure. He is a little dazed from the fall and when he comes to he sees a huge male lion with its head down walking toward him. The lion is visably angry. Then before he knows it the lion pounces on him and starts attacking him. The man yells "HELP, HELP, PLEASE SOMEONE HELP ME!" Right then the lion slaps him in the face and say "Shut the fuck up man or you will get us both fired!!!"
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? To get to the bottom
Japan to bring manufacturing to the US... A Japanese business man met with president Obama. he said he would take his profitable business to america, if Obama wins a second term, in order to bring manufacturing to american shores. Obama was very excited to hear this. he stood up to shake his hand and the business man said "now you just have to take care of that erection"
Why do black people where baggy pants? 'Cause they're knee grows!
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? None. First they beat the room for being black, then they arrest the light bulb for being broke.
You can tell the toothbrush was invented in Alabama if it was invented anywhere else, it would've been called the teeth brush.
A little boy and a clown are walking into the woods together holding hands It's night time and everything is very dark. The little boy turns to the clown and says "I'm scared" To which the clown turns to him and replies "You're scared! I'm the one that's gotta walk out of here alone"
Did you hear about the nurse who swallowed razor blade? She gave herself a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, and circumcised three of the doctors on her shift.
Why don't Barbie and Ken have kids? Ken came in a different box.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts.
What is the cheapest type of meat? Deer balls. They're under a buck.
What did one gay man say to another at the bar? "Mind if I push your stool in? ;)"
I wasn't there when you told me not to stay.
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 1 to hold the bulb in place and 100 to spin the house around it.
What is the best introduction you can think of for this punchline? My friends and I are absolutely convinced that there is no possible way to create a funny joke out of this: "And that's why they invented dry cleaners"
A serious car accident takes place... and a 6 year old boy is seriously hurt. He is rushed to the hospital, and is quickly examined by doctors. The doctors decide that the severity of the boys injuries are very high, so they decide that he will have to have his limbs amputated. Upon waking up from the surgery, the boy looks around and sees the doctor, the doctor says "Hello, little man. How are you feeling?" The boy says "My. My legs. I can't feel my legs" The doctor replies, "Yes, that's because we amputated your arms!"
Bad orchestra director An orchestra conductor walks in on his wife cheating on him with his principal violinist. She confesses, "I haven't loved you for a while now. It's your job - you're a lousy conductor." In a crime of passion, he shoots them both dead. At his murder trial, he's found guilty and sentenced to the electric chair. He's strapped in, the switch is thrown, and... nothing. Confused, the executor flips the switch back and forth a few times and shrugs. Turns out his wife was correct; he's a bad conductor.
Why couldn't the two testes be friends? Because of the vas deferens.
What kind of fish would you want to go to bed with? A cuddlefish! (corny I know)
two ants are fighting on a toilet seat One of them gets pissed off.
Whats the difference between a pun, and a fart? One is a shift of wit and the other is a whiff of shit.
What are you if you aren't European? Eurapoopin. -my daughter
Items that are made from velcro... Are such a rip-off.
You have to give it to pedophiles They're the only ones who follow the speed limit in school zones
Why do black people have white palms? Because there's a little good in everyone!
How can you tell when Mitt Romney is lying? His mouth is moving.
Three Daughters A man had three daughters, the first daughter asked the man "daddy why did you name me Rose?" The Dad replied "well honey when you were born a rose pedal fell on your head so we named you Rose" The second daughter then asked "daddy why did you name me Daisy?" The Dad answered "Well Daisy when you were born a daisy pedal fell on your head so we named you Daisy" The third daughter said "hurdederdeder..." To which the father yelled "Shut Up Cinderblock!"
I would tell a chemistry joke... But all the good ones Argon.
Okay R/Jokes, what's your rawest most brutal joke?
Underage girl, sucking on daddy's cock, gets jizzed on all over he......... Oh I'm sorry, I thought this was a google image search.
Wake up! A man and his wife are laying in bed. Their window is wide open and just as hes about to doze off Someone yells through the window "Wake up! Someones fucking your wife!" Startled, he opens his eyes and looks over at his wife who is sound asleep. He thinks "who said that?" looks out the window but sees nothing. So he goes back to sleep. A few moments later just as he had almost forgotten, he hears someone outside the window yell "Wake up! Someones banging your wife!" This time he cant let it go and decides to go outside to investigate. As he goes down the stairs the man from the street climbs in through the window and starts to actually fuck this guys wife. The husband now standing outside of his own window looking in says to himself "You know what? From out here... it does look like someones fucking my wife."
An old couple is sitting on the porch... Suddenly the wife stands up and knocks her husband off his seat. The old man gets up and asks, "What was that for?!" She replies, "Fifty years of bad sex." Her husband nods, sits back down, and they continue sitting there for a while. All of the sudden the man stands up and slaps the shit out of his wife. Stunned she asks, "Why did you do that?!" "That's for knowing the difference."
What is 6.9? Great sex interrupted by a period.
What happens when you put the batteries in backwards in an Energizer Bunny? It keeps cumming and cumming and cumming....
A rich man and a poor man are sitting by a frozen pond one December They come to discussing the Christmas presents that they've bought for their respective wives. The rich man says "I got my wife a diamond necklace and a Mercedez Benz". The poor man is astounded at his rich friend's largess. He asks "why did you get her the jewelry *and* the car?" The rich man says "Well, if she doesn't like the necklace, she can take it back to the jeweler's in the Mercedes." The rich man then asks his less wealthy chum about the gifts that he's bought. The poor man says "I got my wife a pair of slippers and a dildo." The rich man is surprised, and asks his friend why he got his wife a dildo, of all things. Without missing a beat, the poor man explains "I got it so that if she doesn't like the slippers, she can go fuck herself."
The guy who invented the Apple maps app walks into a bar ... ... and says, "Wait a second, this isn't Subway."
An old man goes to the doctor's because he has been feeling bad lately. The doctor does some tests on him and tells him to come back the next day for the results. The next day the man gets his diagnosis. The doctor says: "Sir, I have bad news for you. You have inoperable cancer. The tests have also shown that you have problems with your memory. It seems you have Alzheimer's." The old man says: "Well, at least I don't have cancer!"
So Jane asks Tarzan if he knows what Sex is... He asks, "what sex?". So she explains the mechanics and asks if he's ever done that. Tarzan says, "yes, with hole in tree". Jane says, "no, no, no, this is where you're supposed to do it", and lays down on the ground with her legs spread open, gesturing Tarzan to mount her. So Tarzan approaches, raises his right foot, and smashes down on her crotch as hard as he can. After several minutes of Jane rolling around and writhing in pain, she finally asks, "Dear god, why in the world did you do that?" To which Tarzan replies, "Check for squirrels."
Why did the Mexican throw his wife into the river? Tequila.
What do you say to the teenage mutant ninja turtle Raphael when he is holding a miniature version of his weapons? Those are the wrong Sais
Why did the blonde...... Why did the blonde fuck the mexican? Because the teacher told her to do an ese'!
An old man walks over to the bartender... and says to him, "Young man, I'm a bit of a gambling man, and if you're willing to make a bet, I'll wager $10,000 I can bite my left eye." The bartender calls the man's bluff and takes the bet. The old man then proceeds to remove his glass eye and bite it. The bartender was bitter. He then says, "That wasn't very fair for you, so I'll bet you another $10,000 that I can bite my right eye." The bartender, again, thinks he can win, considering the man was clearly not blind. The old man then removes his dentures and clamps them down on his eye. The bartender was outraged and about to throw out the old man. He then says, "Now I know that wasn't fair either, so I'll bet you $20,000 that I can set up a shot glass at one end of the bar, and I'll stand on the other end and piss into it without getting a single drop on your bar." This was the bartender's last chance, and the old man was so drunk he was barely able to stand, so he took the bet. They set up the shot glass, the old man stumbled up to the top of the bar, and dropped trou. He then proceeded to piss on everything: the bar, the drinks, even the bartender, without getting single drop in the shot glass. The bartender couldn't have been happier. But while he was celebrating his victory, a cowboy walked over and handed the old man a check. The bartender asked what that was for, and he answered, "I bet him $100,000 that I could piss all over your bar and you would be happy."
I was walking along a high cliff one day... ...and saw a haggard, little boy of about seven or eight, all alone, crying. I asked him, "What are you doing up here all alone!?" He replied, face streaked with dust and tears, "My mommy's down there at the bottom. She fell!" "God, NO- that's terrible!" I said, fearing to ask the followup, "...and your dad?" "He's down there right next to her. He tried to save her.. and he fell too!" "That's awful!" I said. We shared a quiet moment there, together, the distraught urchin and the stranger, looking out at the sky over that grand cliff. And then, when he asked me why I was unbuckling my belt, I told him, "Kid, today just isn't your day."
A liberal, a conservative and a moderate walk into a bar. The bartender says "Afternoon, Mitt! What can I get for you?"
Lifesavers A elementary school teacher is teaching her students about the 5 senses. For taste, she gives them each lifesavers. The kids guess what flavor they are. They go through cherry, grape, and apple. The last one the teacher gives out is honey flavored. None of the kids can guess the flavor. Trying to give them a hint, the teacher says "it's something your mother probably calls your father". suddenly a little girl spits out her lifesaver and calls out "EWWWW THEY'RE ASSHOLES"
A Husband and Wife Were watching a TV show on mixed emotions one night. The husband says "This is a load of bullshit. I bet there isn't anything you can say that could make me happy and sad at the same time." His wife turns to him, pats him on the knee and says "Honey, out of all of your friends, you have the biggest dick." (Sorry if repost, one of my favorite jokes I tell)
A one-liner a came up with. I recently bought a superconducting electric heater... I was not impressed!
Why is it called the "funny bone" when you hit your elbow on something and it tingles? Because it's humerus.
Chuck Norris Jokes http://chuck-norris-jokes.com/
A Jewish man walks into a bar... ... and sits down on the only available stool next to a Chinese man. The Jew looks over and says, "Ugh, I hate the Chinese!" The Chinese man says,"Why!? What did we ever do to you?" The Jewish man says, "You guys bombed Pearl Harbor!" "That was the Japanese, you idiot!" "Chinese, Japanese, same thing." The Chinese man is furious and storms out of the bar. The next day, the same Chinese guy goes to the same bar and sits down at the only stool next to the same Jewish man. The Chinese man looks over and says, "You know what? I hate Jewish people!" The Jew responds, "Why!? What did we ever do to you?" "You guys sunk the Titanic!" "That wasn't us! That was an iceberg!" The Chinese guy says, "Iceberg, Rosenberg, same thing!"
Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns to the other and says "Man, I blew like 50 bucks in there!"
Isn't that some shit!? One day all the sparrows got together to fly south for the winter, the one little sparrow tells his buddies he's not ready to fly quite yet and to go on without him. About a week later it starts to get cold out, so the sparrow figures he better start his journey. As he is flying south it starts to rain, it is so chilly that the rain turns to ice and the sparrow falls down into a barn. A horse comes along and shits right on the sparrow. This actually starts warming the little bird up so he starts to sing. A cat hears the sparrow and comes to see if the little bird needs help out, so the cat digs him out and eats him. The moral of the story is, not everyone who shits on you is your enemy, and not everyone who digs you out of shit is your friend, and if you're warm, safe, and happy... Shut the fuck up!
There are two rules for success: 1. never tell everything you know.
Lieutenant Dan has to deliver bad news. One day, from the office of the General of the Army comes a letter for Lieutenant Dan bearing bad news. Private John's wife had passed away in a horrible car accident. The General strongly suggested that breaking the news lightly to John would be course of action. Lieutenant Dan, with his ruthless rude attitude forged by strict old school army rules, confidently assures the General that everything will be done by the book. The following day, at 6.00 AM, all the privates line up. -Dan: "- Private John, step forward!" - *silence* -Dan: "- Your wife is dead!" John took the news very badly, he was very upset for months to come, practically becoming useless, and eventually leaving the army. The General was very upset for the way the news was handled, so he phones Dan. -General: "That was is no way to deliver bad news Lieutenant! You have a chance to reclaim yourself. Unfortunately, Private William Glen's mother has passed away. Please let him know, but be more careful how you deliver the news this time, we don't want any more issues! " -Dan: "Will do General!" The next day all privates are lining up again. Lieutenant Dan looks angry and worried, as if to deliver more bad news. -Dan: "- Privates! Everyone whose mother is still alive step forward!" -Dan: "- Private Will, you can stand" The private was also devastated. The news reached headquarters again, and the response from the General was not pleasing. Unfortunately there's been another incident involving private Jacks mother, who was brutally murdered, so scolding Lieutenant Dan would have to be postponed. He did let him know however that there will be consequences if he messes up delivering this unfortunate news to Jack. As always, Dan confidently reassures the General that he will take care of it. The very next day, very early in the morning, all the privates were called to the field. The privates were instantly concerned, suspecting more bad news. -Dan: "- Privates! Today we dig trenches!" Everyone quickly starts working hard, digging, with a sense of relief for the lack of bad news. -Dan: "- Dig, Jack, dig! Maybe you'll find your mom!" Jack was shocked and mortified at the realization of his mothers death. Jack was going through some hard times as it was, and this was the final breaking point for him, as he takes his gun and shoots himself. The General was furious now. He came personally to the army base to scold Lieutenant Dan for his incompetence in handling delicate situations. He decides though he deserves another chance, thanks to his impeccable records. His last chance would be to properly handle delivering the news to Jacks wife. This time however, the General himself will be accompanying him, to make sure he won't mess it up. As they're heading towards the house of Jacks wife, Dan is becoming increasingly worried; He's got no clue how to handle the situation. Time is ticking and no ideas are popping up in his head; They reach the house; Dan is keeping a cool face, but inside he's panicking; - *ding* Door bells sounds, Dan is clueless still. - *door opens* As a women opens the door Dans instincts kick in.. -Dan: "- Jack Smiths widow?" -Wife: "- No, I'm his wife!!" -Dan: "-Wanna bet?"
What's the difference between a bull and an orchestra? The bull has the horns in front and the asshole in the back.
Election 2012 Joke if (You.support(Romney)) { "One of the idiot reporters on CNBC asks a banker if he is worried about the legal ramifications if Obama wins a second term. The banker laughs it off, because a large chunk of Obama's campaign contributions is from the bankers, so they have nothing to worry about." } else if (You.support(Obama)) { "One of the idiot reporters on CNBC asks a banker if he is worried about the legal ramifications if Romney wins. The banker laughs it off, because a large chunk of Romney's campaign contributions is from the bankers, so they have nothing to worry about." } else { No joke for you, since your interests aren't "represented" by anyone. Have a shitty life, and keep paying your taxes. }
Never fall in love with a heroine junky. They got a lot of love, but it's all in vein.
What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels still killing Indians.
my date canceled today, now when someone asks "How was your date?" I can say I was too *hand*some.
Senior Sex (NSFW) An elderly couple are seated in a booth in a diner, enjoying their dinner. The husband leans over and asks his wife, "Do you remember the first time we had sex together over fifty years ago? We went behind the village tavern where you leaned against the back fence and I made love to you." Yes, she says, "I remember it well." OK, he says, "How about taking a stroll around there again and we can do it for old time's sake?" "Oh Jim, you old devil, that sounds like a crazy, but good idea!" A police officer sitting in the next booth heard their conversation and, having a chuckle to himself, he thinks to himself, I've got to see these two old-timers having sex against a fence. I'll just keep an eye on them so there's no trouble. So he follows them. The elderly couple walks haltingly along, leaning on each other for support aided by walking sticks. Finally, they get to the back of the tavern and make their way to the fence The old lady lifts her skirt and the old man drops his trousers. As she leans against the fence, the old man moves in.. Then suddenly they erupt into the most furious sex that the policeman has ever seen. This goes on for about ten minutes while both are making loud noises and moaning and screaming. Finally, they both collapse, panting on the ground. The policeman is amazed. He thinks he has learned something about life and old age that he didn't know. After about half an hour of lying on the ground recovering, the old couple struggle to their feet and put their clothes back on. The policeman, is still watching and thinks to himself, this is truly amazing, I've got to ask them what their secret is. So, as the couple passes, he says to them, "Excuse me, but that was something else. You must've had a fantastic sex life together. Is there some sort of secret to this?" Shaking, the old man is barely able to reply, "Fifty years ago that wasn't an electric fence."
What are you going to do for a face? When the monkey wants its bum back? :D
The last fight I had with my wife was my fault. She asked me what was on the tv. I replied, "Dust."
The London Philharmonic is getting set up to play Beethoven's Ninth Symphony. Everybody's practicing their parts, except for the bass players - they barely have any notes at all, just at the very beginning and the very end. So they hatch a plan: during the performance, they'll all sneak out and go to the pub for some brews. The lead bassist ties a string to the last page of the conductor's score, to alert them so they can get back in time. Performance night rolls around, and the curtains roll up to a magnificent opening segment. The bassists duck behind the percussion and run to the nearest bar. They order a couple of drinks and joke to themselves about how ridiculous they look in tailed, double-breasted tuxedos when suddenly they are approached by a man dressed even more formally, wearing a crown and long gown. He introduces himself as the Count of Bavaria, a true regal fellow. Before they know it everybody is chatting it up and the Count orders a *huge* plate of nachos. This is a massive plate - big enough for three men - but the Count, he must be starving because he eats every last bite. The bassists are enjoying their drinks and starting to get a bit drunk, when they notice they've got to rush back... Meanwhile, back at the performance, the conductor has turned the last page. He sees the string, and it dawns on him: it's the bottom of the ninth, the bassists are loaded and the count is full.
Trees are allergic to bees.. ..when bees get too close, [they break out in hives.] (/spoiler) Original joke! Edit: Grammar
Why has Santa Claus such a big sack? Because he only comes once a year.
My favorite joke of all time. A man calls information for a phone number (this happened before smart phones) Anyway, the man asks for Derp Smith in Derpville, California. The operator says "I have many listings for Derp Smith, do you have a street name?" The man thought for a moment and replied "Well, some people call me Iceman."
A man would never say... STOP SUCKING MY DICK OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE!
Death Notice An old man and his wife had just moved to Australia when the wife passed away after a stroke. While talking to the neighbour about her passing, it was mentioned that in their new country, it is common to announce deaths with a classified ad in that section of the newspaper. Well, the old man decides that's a great idea and heads back home to dial the newspaper. "Hi there, I'd like to place a death notice." "OK then. Firstly, sorry for your loss. Now what would you like it to say?" "Have it say, "Ruth died."" "Well, um, that's, um, somewhat blunt, but the minimum charge is for five words. Is there anything else you'd like to add?" "OK. Let me think, um... "Ruth died. Toyota for sale.""
How do you keep someone in suspense? I'll tell you later.
Priest and acne. What's the difference between a priest and acne? Acne usually waits until a boy is twelve to come on his face.
In the past Russian scientists dug 1000 mtr deep and found a copper wire. They concluded: "1000 yrs back our ancestors were using copper cable technology".. American scientists dug 2000 mtr deep and found optic fibre. They concluded: "2000 yrs back our ancestors were using optic fibre technolgy".. Indian scientist dug and found nothing. They concluded our ancestors were using Wireless Technology.!
A man and his wife were discussing what they thought their son might be when he grew up. "I have an idea," said the father. He put a ten-dollar bill, a bottle of whiskey, and a Bible on the coffee table. "If he takes the money he'll be a banker. If he takes the whiskey he'll be a wino, and if he takes the Bible that means he'll be a preacher." So the man and his wife hide just before their son comes in the door, and watch from where they're hiding. The boy saunters over to the coffee table. He picks up the ten-dollar bill, looks at it, then sets it down. He picks up the bottle of whiskey, uncorks it, sniffs it, then sets it down. Then he picks up the Bible, leafs through it, then sets it down. Then the boy takes the money and stuffs it into his pocket, grabs the whiskey, and walks off with the Bible under his arm. "Well how do you like that!" exclaims the father. "He's going to be a politician!"
A math joke I'll tell you in a 1/cos
Little Billy wanted $100 badly and prayed for two weeks but nothing happened.Then he decided to write God a letter request $100. When the postal authorities received the letter addressed to God, USA, they decided to send it to President Bush. The President was so impressed, touched, and amused that he instructed his secretary to send Billy a $5.00 bill. President Bush thought this would appear to be a lot of money to a little boy. Billy was delighted with the $5.00 and sat down to weite a thank you note to God, which read: Dear God, Thank you very much for sending the money, however, I noticed that for some reason you had to send it through Washington D.C. and, as usual, those crooks deducted $95.00. Thanks, Billy
What is Hitler's favorite chocolate? Fuhrerro Rocher
The 4 Year Old Builder A young family moved into a house next to an empty plot in Corringham, Essex. One day, a gang of building workers turned up to start building on the plot. The young family's 4 year old daughter naturally took an interest in all the activity going on next door and started talking with the workers whilst perched on the low garden wall. She hung around and eventually the builders, all with hearts of gold, and kids of their own, more or less adopted the little girl as a sort of project mascot. They chatted with her, and she ate her lunch prepared by her Mum at 12 Noon when the builders stopped for theirs. They even gave the child her own hard hat and gloves, which thrilled her immensely, so she could play with the sand and small trowel they had also given her. At the end of the first week, the smiling builders presented her with a pay envelope containing 2 in 10p coins. The little girl took her pay home to her Mother who suggested that they take the money to the bank the next day to open a savings account. At the bank, the female cashier was tickled pink listening to the little girl telling her about her work on the building site and the fact she had a pay packet. 'You must have worked very hard to earn all this', said the cashier. The little girl proudly replied, 'Yes, I worked every day with Steve and Wayne and Mike. We're building a big house.' 'My goodness gracious', said the cashier, 'And will you be working on the house again next week?' The child thought for a moment. Then she said seriously: 'I think so. Provided those poxy wankers at Jewsons deliver the fucking bricks.'
Irishman walks up to an Englishman... ...and says, "Look, here's de ting: why are some of are werds missin' de letter 'H'? Lissen to de way aye say 'ting', fer example. Aye tink the British have been stealin' some of our H's, dat's what I tink!" The British man replies, "Don't be shtupid."
Where's the best place to explore? Rome.
Circumcision. My parents paid the bill, but I left the tip.
A joke my father told me. I haven't seen it here yet so I hope its fresh; A new inmate spends his first night in prison and after things quiet down for the night, he hears someone from one of the upper floors call out. "THIRTY SEVEN!" he shouts. An uproar of laughter fills the prison. The new inmate is somewhat confused. After the laughter dies down another man calls out "FORTY THREE!". The prison fills with even more laughter then before. This continues for a few minutes till the inmate asks his cellmate what is going on. "Oh that, yeah everyone here loves jokes, but the we only know so many. After a while we just assigned all the jokes numbers so we don't have to repeat the whole thing every time." Satisfied with this response the the new inmate goes to bed. The next night at about the same time it starts up again. "TWENTY NINE!" is shouted and followed by laughter. After a few more the new inmate decides that he wants to try. He remembers that forty three got a pretty good response last night, so after getting the courage he waits for the laughter of the last joke to die down. He inhales deeply and shouts "FORTY THREE!". Silence. He is shocked and a little upset. He turns to his cellmate "Why didn't they laugh?" he asks in disappointed confusion. To which his cellmate replied "Its not just the joke, its how you tell it."
What do you call it when a statistician secretly gives out clothes? Discreet uniform distribution
Three men are sitting at a bar Three men were sitting at a bar talking about their lives. They get to talking about there kids and how great they are. The first man brags " My son is the greatest! He is CEO of a big company. He makes so much money that he just bought two new sports cars, one for himself and the other for his lover." The second father, trying to show up the first, says "Oh Yeah? Well my boy created a huge internet company and makes millions he just bought two mansions, one for himself and the other for HIS lover". The third guy is sitting quietly drinking his beer. The other two guys look at him and ask what about his son? Does he make a lot of money? The third guy says " Nah, My son doesn't make millions or anything like that. He's a male escort. Although, his two best clients did just buy him a new car and a new mansion."
A beautiful young woman marries a wealthy elderly man... thinking that he'll die very soon. "Probably the first time we have sex." she thinks to herself. After the wedding, they arrive at the hotel and it's sexy time. The old man says he needs to get ready, and goes into the bathroom. When he emerges, he is wearing nothing but a condom, nose plugs, and ear plugs. Shocked, the young woman says, "I understand the condom, but what are the ear and nose plugs for?" The old man replies, "If there's two things I hate, it's the sound of a screaming woman, and the smell of burning rubber."
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea? The oyster farmer shucks between fits...
A Jew, an Italian, and a Black guy at recess [Possibly NSFW and offensive] Once, there were three third graders. One was Italian, one was Jewish, and one was Black. They were at recess. They were also good friends. "Whaddya wanna play?", the Black guy said. "Uh...soccer", the Jew said. "I can't run. Remember my leg?", the Italian guy said. "How 'bout we play "Who's Got The Biggest Dick"?", the Black guy asked. "Okay, okay", they all agreed. So one by one they unzipped their pants. The Jew's was about three inches. The Italian's was about an inch longer. When they saw the Black guy's, they said "Holy crap! That's a monster!". It outgrew their's by about five inches. They then ran off, and the black guy went home. "What did you do at school today, honey?", his mother asked. "We played "Who's Got The Biggest Dick", he answered. "I won. They said it's because I'm black. Is that true?" "No, honey. It's because you're twenty three".
how often do i beat my wife? Every time i clap my hands.
Did you hear about the tight end who went to prison? He came out a wide receiver
So I saw Cuba Gooding Jr. at my local Walmart He was comparing Old Spice Sport to Old Spice Original Scent when I slapped those bottles out of his hand and told him, "No soap, Radio."
Policing the internet. Complaining to the police about something you've read on the internet is like suing a premium rate sex line for sexual harassment.
A little boy... wakes up three nights in a row when he hears a thumping sound coming from his parents bedroom. Finally, one morning he goes to his mom and says, "Mommy, every night I hear you and daddy making noise and when I look in you're bouncing up and down on him." His mom is taken by surprise and says. "Oh ... well I'm bouncing on his stomach because he's fat and that makes him thin again." The boy says, "That won't work." His mom says, "Why?" The boy replies. "Because the lady next door comes by after you leave each day and blows him back up!"
"I have bad news and very bad news" said the doctor to his patient. "Give me the bad news first, doc." "You have 24 hours to live." "Oh my god, that's terrible. What news could possibly be worse than that?" "I tried calling you yesterday but there was no answer"
an older man and his young wife are having problems in the bedroom... the young women is unable to climax so they decide to take the problem to their priest and ask for advice. the priest confirms that sex is an important part of marriage and he suggests they hire a young man to wave a towel in front of the womens face to help her lose herself and to cool her down. that night as they are having sex, the young man waves the towel but still no climax for the young women. so she suggests that her husband wave the towel and the young man have intercourse with her. all parties agree and the young women has an ear piercing shaking orgasm. afterwards the old man approaches the younger man and says "see son, thats how you shake a towel"
Knock knock! "Who's there?" -To "To who?" -To *whom*
A Teacher Assigns a Project to her Students... The assignment was to think of a story in your life that has a good moral, then share that story with the class. On the day everyone had to present their story, everyone went but Mike. "Mike," the teacher asked "What's your story?" So, Mike stood up and went to the front of the class to begin. "Well, my daddy was a Fighter pilot in the Vietnam war. He was afraid of hights, so always drank 10 beers before missions. One day, he was shot down behind enemy lines. When he crashed, he exited his plane without harm. But, to his surprise, he was surrounded my 10 Vietnamese troops. He pulled out his pistol and shot 8. He then ran out of ammo. So, he pulled out his pocket knife and killed the last 2. He was eventually found and rescued after 5 days alone." The teacher, amazed, asked "Well, Mike, what was the moral?" Mike straightened up and proudly said to the class, "Don't fuck with daddy when he's drunk!"
The pipes that my plumber installed are leaking... Clearly, he didn't give a flux.
I am both dyslexic and diabetic... So needless to say I fell in love with the idea of "All You Can Eat Carb Legs".
I would rather... die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Two guys at a bar make a bet... There are two guys sitting at a bar having a beer together. So one guy goes to the other "I'll bet you $20 i can go over there slap that bald guy on the head and he won't do anything about it." so the other guy is like sure but he is going to beat you up. so the guy goes over smacks the bald guy on the head and yells "Hey John!" when the bald guy turns around the guy goes "i'm so sorry i thought you were my friend John!" so the bald guy is just like ok whatever. Now the guy goes back to his friend and goes " i bet you $50 i can go smack the same guy again and he wont do anything." so his friend is just like OK but he's going to kill you this time. so the guy goes over smacks the bald guy and yells "Hey John!" then when the bald guy turns around he once again says the same thing and now the bald guy is like what the hell so he gets up and moves to another table. so the guy goes back to his friends collects the $50 and says "I bet you $150 i can go over and smack that guy again and he wont do anything!" so his friend is just like sure but hes going to kill you no doubt about it. so the guy gets up and walks over to where the bald guy moved to smacks him on the head and says "Hey John! Finally you're here! i kept smacking that poor guy over there thinking he was you!"
In a small Texas town, the owner of Joe's Bar began construction on a new building to increase his business. The local Baptist church started a campaign to block the bar from opening with petitions and prayers. Work progressed right up till the week before opening when lightning struck the bar and it burned to the ground. The church folks were rather smug after that, until the bar owner sued the church on the grounds that the church was ultimately responsible for the demise of his building, either through direct or indirect actions or means. The church vehemently denied all responsibility or any connection to the building's demise in its reply to the court. As the judge looked over the paperwork at the hearing, he commented, "I don't know how I'm going to decide this, but as it appears from the paperwork, we have a bar owner who believes in the power of prayer, and an entire church congregation that does not."
Dear Abby My name is Gloria Mae and I'm from Tennessee. I'm 14 years old and am still a virgin. Is my brother gay?
Osama Bn Laden Jokes in the title.
Do you believe in Leprechauns? A construction worker is in his usual bar, having a beer after work. When he's done, he goes to the bathroom to relieve himself. A slightly short man walks in and uses the urinal next to him. The construction worker doesn't think anything of it until he catches sight of something out of the corner of his eye. He glances over and sees that the short man has got a huge penis. It freaks him out, and he feels embarrassed about thinking about it, so he says to the man: "I'm sorry, I swear I'm not gay or anything, but I have to say, you are hung." The short man then speaks up in a very Irish accent, "Alright, laddie, you caught me. You see, I'm a leprechaun, which is why my dick is so big. And now that you've caught me, you get three wishes." The first man thinks that this guy is crazy, but he decides to go along with it anyway. "Alright then...I wish that I was the richest man in the world." The Leprechaun says, "Done! Go check your bank account, you have billions of dollars in it. Now what is is your second wish?" The man still doesn't really believe the guy, but he keeps going with it. "OK then, I wish that I was married to the hottest woman on Earth, who lived for nothing other than the need to satisfy my every sexual desire." The Leprechaun says, "Done! Go home, she is waiting for you in your bed, ready to give you the greatest night of your life." The man is dumbfounded. All the money he would ever need and a gorgeous woman that he could have incredible sex with? It's just too amazing! The Leprechaun then asks, "What do you want for your third wish, lad?" The man struggles, wondering what else he could possibly want, but finally says, "I want a dick as big as yours!" The Leprechaun is surprised. "Oh no, laddie! The only way I could do that is if I were to bugger you." The man backs up for a second and thinks. 'I couldn't do that....although, it's just to be gifted like that....' He continues debating, until he decides. "Alright, I'll do it." So, the man and the Leprechaun go into the stall and the Leprechaun starts going at it, and the man is miserable, groaning in pain and hating every second of it. After awhile, the Leprechaun asks, " So how old are you, laddie?" "I'm 35, why does it matter?" "You're 35 and you still believe in Leprechauns?"
3 guys are eating lunch at work The first guy pulls out a turkey sandwich. "Dammit, I hate turkey, if i get this tomorrow, I'm going to kill myself." The second guy pulls out a pastrami sandwich. "Dammit, I hate pastrami, if i get this tomorrow, I'm going to kill myself." The third guy pulls out a ham sandwich. "Dammit, I hate ham, if i get this tomorrow i'm going to kill myself." So the next day all three men get the same sandwich as the day before, so they kill themselves. At the funeral, two of the three wives were crying, as they felt responsible because they prepared the lunches. However, the third guys wife was shaking her head. The other two wives asked "why aren't you crying" to which she replied "That dumbass makes his own lunch"
Why do the ladies love Jesus? This joke makes more sense if you can see it in person, but we'll give it a shot, anyway. Use your imagination. Why do the ladies love Jesus? *spreads arms as far apart as they can go* Because he was hung like this!
Bad Hair day One morning Joe wakes up after a good nights rest and feels great. Looking forward to a good day he goes to have breakfast with his wife. When she sees him she exclaims: "Joe honey what's wrong? You look really bad! Maybe you should stay home today." Puzzled, Joe explains he feels fine and goes to work. When his coworker sees him he has the same reaction: "Joe, man, what happened? You look really bad today. Did you hit the booze again?" Still confused, Joe insists he has never felt better. Finally Joe's boss comes to him and tells him: "I'm sorry Joe, but I have to send you home. You look so terrible that something must be wrong. Maybe you should go sleep it off." Concerned, Joe decides to go to the doctor. Joe explains to the doctor: "I don't know what it is. I have felt great all day, but everyone thinks I look really bad. I just don't Understand it." Stumped, the doctor goes to his medical books and starts flipping through the pages. He speaks aloud as he looks. "Feels great, looks terrible; Feels great, Looks terrible" Suddenly, Eureka! "I know, you're a vagina!"
A priest and a rabbi are sitting on a stoop... when a 10 year old boy walks by. The priest leans over to the rabbi and says "Hey, let's take that kid out back and fuck him." To which the rabbi replies "Out of what?"
PhotoShop Level:Expert Boy: Wow... You Look So Perfect with Incredible Body And Flower like skin... What do You Use ? . . . . . . Girl : Adobe Photoshop CS5!
Wanna hear a pizza joke? Nah it's too cheesy!
A blonde runs into a police station "Officer! Officer! Help me, I've been graped!" The policeman is confused "graped" he asks, "well there was a bunch of them"
Knock Knock Who's there? Daisy. Daisy who? Daisy me rollin'. they hatin'.
A blonde buys a gun. A young blonde is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home early to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She pulls the gun from her purse and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
Two fish were in a tank... and one says "How do you drive this thing?"
So, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs walk into a bar... and I got sued for millions because I used both of their names in the same sentence.
A pastor goes hiking as he comes around a corner on the trail he comes across a giant grizzly bear. The bear lets out a growl and is about to charge when the pastor falls on his knees and prays: "Lord, I pray that the bear would be a Christian." In an amazing miracle, the bear is converted instantly and stops where it is. It looks upwards and begins to give thanks: "Thank you Father, for the meal I am about to eat..."
To a Medicine Final, there were 10 girls and one boy.. The first girl goes in and she is asked "what grows 10 times its size when stimulated?" so she starts giggling "hihihihi". The proffessor says "get out. you have failed". The next 9 girls come in. the same question, the same answer. They were all failed. Then comes the boy. Same question. He answers "the pupil, Sir". "Correct answer, boy. Now go outside and tell those damn bitches that "hihihihi" only grows up to 5 times !"
A girl comes home to her mother She walks up to her and says "Mom, a creep in the park today asked me to give him a blowjob for this beautiful necklace!"
Why does Felix Baumgartner needs parachute.. when Red Bull gives you wings.
A girl runs up to her mother with a pile of crap in her hand "Look what I almost stepped in!"
Three nuns were talking... The first nun said, "I was cleaning the father's room the other day and do you know what I found? A bunch of pornographic magazines!"  "What did you do?" the other nuns asked.  "Well, of course I threw them all in the trash."  The second nun said, "Well, yesterday, I was in the father's room putting away the laundry and I found a bunch of condoms."  "Oh my," gasped the other nuns. "What did you do?" they asked.  "I poked holes in all of them," she replied.  The third nun said, "Oh shit."
Famous Russian snooker player Inov the red
An American businessman was in Japan... He hired a local hooker and was going at it all night with her. She kept screaming "Fujifoo, Fugifoo!!!", which the guy took to be pleasurable.. The next day, he was golfing with his Japanese counterparts and he got a hole-in-one. Wanting to impress the clients, he said "Fujifoo". The Japanese clients looked confused and said "No, you got the right hole."
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties. The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following. The party of the first part shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered non-negotiable. Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes. Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part shall have the option of beginning installation. Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable. The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
A man got a promotion... So his crew took him out to celebrate. But his wife made him promise not to get drunk. So obviously he gets wasted and throws up down the front of his shirt. He tells his boss what happened. "Here take this money to get your shirt cleaned, and tell your wife that a drunk puked on you." His boss hands him a $50 bill. So he tells his wife and hands her the fifty. She looks up curiously and says, "This is a hundred." The man replies, "Oh... I guess he shit my pants too."
I hate my job... I almost felt like x-posting to /r/talesfromretail My job is so fucking unbelievable. I'll try to sum it up by first telling you about the folks I work with: First, there is this supermodel wanna-be chick. Yeah, okay, she is pretty hot, but damn is she completely useless. The girl is constantly fixing her hair or putting on makeup. She is extremely self-centered and has never once considered the needs or wants of anyone but herself. She is as dumb as a box of rocks, and I still find it surprising that she has enough brain power to continue to breathe. The next chick is completely the opposite. She might even be one of the smartest people on the planet. Her career opportunities are endless, and yet she is here with us. She is a zero on a scale of 1 to 10. I'm not sure she even showers, much less shaves her "womanly" parts. I think she might be a lesbian, because every time we drive by the hardware store, she moans like a cat in heat. But the jewel of the crowd has got to be the fucking stoner. And this guy is more than just your average pothead. In fact, he is baked before he comes to work, during work, and I'm sure after work. He probably hasn't been sober anytime in the last ten years, and he's only 22. He dresses like a beatnik throwback from the 1960's, and to make things worse, he brings his big fucking dog to work. Every fucking day I have to look at this huge Great Dane walk around half-stoned from the second-hand smoke. Hell, sometimes I even think it's trying to talk with its constant bellowing. Also, both of them are constantly hungry, requiring multiple stops to McDonalds and Burger King, every single fucking day. Anyway, I drive these fucktards around in my van and we solve mysteries and shit.
A Blonde Goes Into A Hardware Store A Blonde is doing some home improvement work and needs to replace a door. However, she needs two hinges and only has one. She goes down to the massive home improvement store to purchase the second one. She finds an employee, who helps her find the hinge she needs. The employee decides to be helpful and asks "Maam, do you want a screw for that hinge?" The blonde answers: "No, but I'll give you a blowjob for that toaster."
My parents are so proud of me! I won a math debate.
Two nuns... There are two nuns in a bath. One says, "where's the soap?" The other says, "it does rather, doesn't it!"
It's time for my wife's 12 week sonogram! I can't wait to see what we'll have! A son or an abortion
Blonde becomes a flight attendent An airline captain was breaking in a new blonde stewardess. The route they were flying had a layover in another city. Upon their arrival, the captain showed the stewardess the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop and stay overnight. The next morning, as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day's route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up wondering what happened. She answered the phone, crying, and said she couldn't get out of her room. "You can't get out of your room?" the captain asked, "Why not?" The stewardess replied: "There are only three doors in here," she sobbed, "one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says 'Do Not Disturb'!"
Not exactly a joke, butthe usually get a great reaction. Caution: not for use with those who lack basic math skills. Pick a number from 1 to 9, but don't tell me what it is. Multiply that number by 9. If the the result is a two digit number, add the two digits together. Now subtract 5. Where the letters of the alphabet correspond to the numbers 1 though 26, pick the letter associated with the number you have left. Think of a country that begins with that letter. Take the last letter of the country, and think of an animal that begins with that letter. Take the last letter of the animal, and think of a color that begins with that letter. Now.... How many orange kangaroos are there in Denmark?
A redditor got a girlfriend
Claude the hypnotist It was entertainment night at the Senior Citizens Center. Claude the hypnotist explained: "I'm here to put you into a trance; I intend to hypnotize each and every member of the audience." The excitement was almost electric as Claude withdrew a beautiful antique pocket watch from his coat. "I want each of you to keep your eyes on this antique watch. It's a very special watch. It's been in my family for six generations." He began to swing the watch gently back and forth while quietly chanting, "Watch the watch, watch the watch, watch the watch..." The crowd became mesmerized as the watch swayed back and forth, light gleaming off its polished surface. A hundred pairs of eyes followed the swaying watch until, suddenly, the chain broke; it slipped from the hypnotist's fingers and fell to the floor, breaking into a hundred pieces. "SHIT!" said the hypnotist. It took three days to clean up the Senior Citizens Center. Claude was never invited back....
There's plenty of fish in the sea(fixed) But until I find one I'm just stuck holding my rod
Harassment A man walks into the human resources office at work. The HR representative tells the man to sit down and tell him why a female employee is suing the company for sexual harassment. The man replies, "Her ass meant nothing to me, I was staring at her tits."
Did you hear about the testicular cancer survivor who won the lottery? ...when he found out, the guy went nut.
Did you hear about the blond who got pregnant? She wasn't sure if the baby was hers!
What does a lawyer wear to work? A lawsuit!
What did the dinosaur say after the car crash? I'msosaurus
Playing golf, when a funeral procession goes by A couple of guys are out playing golf one fine day. One guy is about to take a swing, when a funeral procession turns onto the street next to the golf course. The guy stops in the middle of his swing, takes off his hat, and bows his head until the procession is out of sight. "Wow!" says the second guy. "That was one of the most touching things I've ever seen. I can't believe you'd stop in midswing like that, just for a funeral procession." "Well," says the first guy. "We were married for 35 years; it's the least I could do."
What do you call the child of two parents with downs syndrome? A hand-me-down.
There Once Lived A Family of Moles on a Hill. On morning Papa Mole woke up and walked to the entrance of the burrow. He was greeted with the most beautiful morning he had ever seen. The sunrise shone brightly and scents of spring wafted through the air. "This is amazing!" Papa exclaimed "Ma! Come and see this! The morning's beautiful and I smell... I think I smell pancakes! With syrup and blueberry! So Ma Mole comes out into the doorway and says, "You're right! I can smell... Eggs! Eggs and Bacon with crispy toast! Junior, you must smell this!" So Junior gets up and tries to squeeze between the two big moles. He tries and tries, but finds himself wedged between their backsides. "Junior!" Ma says, "What do you smell?" "I don't know" he replies, "All I can smell is molasses!"
The bum and his amazing taste buds So this drunk bum walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The bartender tells him "get out of here you don't have any money and you stink". "come on say's the bum, just one and I will leave I swear". The bartender thinks about it and thinks well one won't hurt if it will get him out of here. He then grabs a glass and gets him a draft of the most generic beer they had Natural light. The bum then chugs it and say's "thanks for the Nattie". "hey how did you know that was a Nattie?" asked the bartender. The bum then explained he can tell what any beer is just by tasting and that he is never wrong. This struck the bartenders curiosity and said " well here have another" and handed him a Bud light. " ahhhhh yeah! that's a Bud light" the bartender said "damn! that's right". The bum having had chugged two beers was getting a little belligerent "give me another one" the bartender gave him another "oh yea! I love Pabst" and the bartender kept on till he went through his complete arsenal of beer on tap. "that's It man now you have to go I gave you 10 free beers" said the bartender while the bum was slapping the counter demanding more. " come on one more fucking beer, now!" yelled the bum. The bartender was now regretting giving the bum free beer and knew he had created a problem for himself. "You want another beer man? OK then let me get you one" he went to the back with the glass and pissed till it was full to the rim and took it back to give it to the bum. He knew the bum would chug it right away in his intoxicated/belligerent state and sure enough he grabbed the glass and chugged the whole thing. The bartender could not contain his laughter and asked the bum " so then, what kind of beer is it now". The bum with a sobered look on his face knowing he had been had said "well, I can't tell you what kind of beer that was but I can say someone in this bar has diabetes".
Three nuns are sitting on a park bench... ...when a man in a trenchcoat walks up and flashes them. The first nun has a stroke. The second nun has a stroke. The third nun couldn't reach.
You know what makes me smile? ... my face muscles
What is a polygon? A dead parrot.
An Italian, Irish and Polish construction workers take their lunch break on a rooftop at their job site. The Italian man opens his lunch pail and in despondently exclaims, "Spaghetti and meatballs *again*!? Every day my wife makes me the same thing and I just can't take it anymore." The Irishman opens his lunch pail and angrily declares, "Shepard's pie, ugh!!! Another day of Shepard's pie! This is intolerable. Why can't my wife ever make me something different? She must hate me!" Finally the Polack opens his lunch pail and says in disgust, "More boiled cabbage?! Every day it's boiled cabbage. Enough is enough." They all hem an haw over their meals and the dissatisfaction escalates. The Italian stands up and declares, "when I go home I'm going to tell my wife either she makes me something different tomorrow or I'm going to throw myself off this roof! I'd rather **die** than be served the same meal again for lunch." The other men cheer him on and agree to do with same regarding their lunches. Tomorrow comes and sure enough the Italian still got the spaghetti and meatballs, the Irishman got the Shepard pie, and the Polock got the boiled cabbage. Just as they said, all three dove off the roof to their death. A week later at the funeral the widows of the Italian and Irishman were sobbing uncontrollably but the Polock's didn't seem nearly as phased. "Oh we were terrible wives!" Cried the Italian's wife. "If only I had listened when he told me to make him something else." Between sobs, the Irishman's wife agrees and then asks the Polock's wife, "Why aren't you as sad as us? Don't you feel terrible for not preventing this tragedy by just making something else for your husband?" The Polock's wife shrugged and said, "my husband made his own lunch."
Vacationing in Switzerland "So did you enjoy the beautiful scenery?" "I couldn't really see much because of the mountains."
Three men are bragging about size. Three men are at the bar on happy hour, and somehow the conversation turns to the size of their snickels. "I have to be very careful not to hurt my girl", explains the first. "Gmf!" snorts the second. "When I go for a jog I have to wrap mine around my middle lest I stumble." The third man watches this exchange with dry eyes. Then, he undoes his trousers, rummages around down there for a while, and finally slams a full-grown turtle upside down on the bar. The turtle wiggles its paws trying to get upright again, to no effect. The two other men look not very understanding. "Now that", he says, "is a *crab*".
So a nun goes to pray at the feet of a statue of The Blessed Virgin... ...and as she closes her eyes, she prays, "Holy Mother, help me seek forgiveness for my sin." The nun hears a heavenly voice; "What is your sin, my daughter?" The nun squeezes her eyes shut and says, "I just saw a penis, Mother... what should I do?" The Holy Mother replies, "Go and wash your eyes in the blessed fountain." So the nun hurries to the courtyard and begins flushing her eyes over and over again. A second nun hurries to the statue, and also asks forgiveness for her sin."What is your sin, my daughter?" The nun squeezes her eyes shut and says, "I just touched a penis, Mother... what should I do?" The Holy Mother replies, "Go and wash your hands in the blessed fountain." So the nun hurries to the courtyard and kneels next to the other sister who is flushing her eyes and begins scrubbing her hands over and over again. As they fervently wash, a third nun nudges between them and says, "Move over, girls, I've got to gargle."
The King and the Thrones Once there was a king- his kingdom was made up of houses made from the hay, mud and reinforced by waterproof grass fronds from the riverbanks. The king, naturally, had the biggest house, his being the only one in the kingdom to have two floors; a tricky bit of engineering for an all natural structure. Each year the king, on his birthday, would receive a new throne from his people - the first year they made him a wooden one from the finest trees in the forest. The year after, they had managed to find some tin and bronze, so made him a very happy king. Each year, the old throne would get taken upstairs to the storage as the king liked to walk amongst the collection and reminisce over years gone by. So ten years had passed, and by now the nation of hut dwellers had become rich enough to buy gold. So this year, the king received a mighty throne. So his old one was taken away upstairs, the huge gold throne hauled in, and another year in the kingdom commenced. This eleventh year however, was a tough year for the harvest. The sun belted down on the blacksmiths as they made swords and shields for the loyal warriors that protected the realm. They worked tirelessly for a month to make the biggest and most lavishly adorned throne anyone had ever seen. So the king had his party, the new throne was presented. The grand entrance was only just big enough to get the throne through- but the skill and knowledge of the smiths made it possible. The golden throne was taken upstairs to join the other nine from years gone by. That night there was a tragic disaster- the whole royal family was killed as they slept, the whole place collapsed around them. The queen was dead, the heirs were crushed, and a new king was needed for the country. It was a sad night. *What is the moral of the story? Those who live in grass houses shouldn't stow thrones.* ** That's one I've carried around in my head for a while, thought I'd share. =D
Whats the difference between Jesus and Mexicans? Jesus doesn't have Mexicans tattooed all over him.
The strange man counting on the bridge A man was walking on a bridge over the water, when he came across a strange man that was counting out loud, however he kept repeating the same number over and over again. "21, 21, 21, 21" he would say constantly and in the same monotone voice. Interested The man walked up to the one counting and said "Why do you keep repeating the same number over and over again", the strange man kept on what he was doing as if nobody was there, and kept saying, "21, 21,21,21". Frustrated the man couldn't figure out why he kept saying the same number. "was it important?, was it significant? or was this just some looney on a bridge" he asked this strange man, "now seriously, why do you keep repeating the same number over and over again, this is madness, you need help". The strange man just smiled, but continued what he was doing over and over "21, 21, 21, 21" Now the man was angry, he demanded to know the cause of this mans fascination with the number 21, and what it meant, he started yelling at the man. "WHY DO YOU KEEP SAYING 21, THIS IS MAD, UTTER MADNESS!" the man exclaimed, his face now going slightly red" The man continued once more. Reaching the height of frustration in a pleading and desperate effort to get him to stop he yelled at the to of his lungs "IF YOU DON'T STOP REPEATING THE NUMBER 21 OUT LOUD, IM GOING TO JUMP OF THIS BRIDGE" Suddenly the man counting paused, took a deep breath and then said something. "21, 21, 21" The man now losing all of his sanity jumped of the bridge as promised. The strange man giggled for a moment and then took a slightly different route but continued on the same form as before. "22, 22, 22, 22"
Pythagoras walks into a bar. Pythagoras walks into a bar muttering, "If a right-angled triangle has a short side, X, a long side, Y, and hypotenuse, Z, then the square of Z must be equal to the sum of the square of X and the square of, erm... uh..." [The barman says, "Y, the long face?"](/spoiler)
I've been having weird dreams lately... I keep waking up in the middle of the night because of this one weird dream that im having... i dream that im a muffler. Im exhausted. (It's better when you actually say it but hey i tried)
So three guys are walking through a forest... So three guys are walking through a forest and they come across a cannibalistic tribe. The chief of the tribe tells the men that they will not eat them if they can complete two specific tasks. The men agree, and ask for their first task. The chief explains to them that it is simply to collect 10 pieces of any fruit and bring it back to the tribe (under close watch of course). So the men leave, and the first guy comes back with 10 apples. The chief approves of the fruit and then explains the second task; which is to put all of those 10 fruits up their butt without showing any sign of emotion. So the first guy begins, but gets the to 5th apple, winces in pain, and so is killed and eaten. Then the second guy comes back, and he has 10 grapes. After being told what the task is, he begins. He gets to the 9th grape and starts bursting out into laughter - and so is killed in eaten. Then the first guy meets the second guy in heaven, and asks him "Why did you laugh? You were so close!" And so the second guy replied "I saw the third guy come back with pineapples!"
Two nuns in a bath... The first nun asks the other "Where's the soap?" The other replies "It does, doesn't it?" Edit: Punctuation
An old couple... An old couple has lived together for many years. They lived a happy and long life together. Every morning - the husband would wake up and let out a stinky, warm fart. This had agitated the wife and she would always tell him, that one morning he will fart out his guts. One day she decided to have revenge. She placed some turkey giblets in the bed, next to his ass and went downstairs to cook breakfast. The husband woke up as usual and released an enormous fart. She heard him screaming and decided to check on him, and the second she walked into the room, he said to her: *Missus, you were right! I did fart out my guts! but with the help of god and these two fingers - I managed to push'em back inside*
A smoker, an alcoholic, and a rapist are offered 1,000,000$ if they can change their lives... ...so they're put in one room filled with the best and most expensive alcohol and the best and most expensive brands of cigarettes, and they have to survive there for a week. On the second day the alcoholic couldn't take it over there and drank all the alcohol. The smoker couldn't take it either and decided to light one up, but as he tries to light he drops his lighter and just as he starts to bend over to get it the rapist says: "Pick up the lighter and we both burn out"
Sometimes I miss my ex. So I drop it into reverse and try again.
Want to know how to annoy someone who has OCD?
A man sits in a bar at the top of a skyscraper... After he gets a drink, the man next to him says, "i love these kinds of days. You can just jump out of the window, and land perfectly on your feet unharmed." curiously the first man asks, "what do you mean"? "well...watch" the man gets off of his bar stool, and jumps out of the window. He continues to fall and right before he reaches the bottom a gust of wind blows under him and he lands perfectly on his feet. as he gets off of the elevator the first man says, "that's the most amazing thing I've ever seen" "give it a try, you won't regret it" Excited the first man runs, jumps out of the window, and dies a horrible death as he slams into the ground. As the second man sits back in his bar stool laughing the bartender says, "damn superman, you're a real asshole when you're drunk."
Give me your best jokes regarding or featuring animals. For science.
The dead duck. A not-so-bright farmer brings his dead duck to a vet, asking for treatment. The vet takes one look and says, "I'm sorry, but that duck is dead." The farmer asks if they can do some tests to make sure. The vet agrees and whistles, summoning a black lab. the dog puts its front paws on the table and sniffs for a moment, then walks out of the room, whining with its tail between its legs. The vet again says, "I'm sorry, but that duck is dead." The farmer asks for one more test, and the vet whistles one more time. This time, a tabby cat scampers in and leaps onto the table, and walks around the duck, before exiting like the dog. The vet says "Unfortunately the duck is 100% dead sir. I'm sorry for your loss. That'll be $1500." "WHAT?!?!?!" exclaims the farmer. The vet explained, "Well Lab tests and CAT scans aren't cheap..."
Why couldn't the man be bothered to look at the origami mountains? *because it was pay-per view.* "paper view"
No one tells me shit A sweet grandmother telephoned St. Joseph 's Hospital. She timidly asked, "Is it possible to speak to someone who can tell me how a patient is doing?" The operator said,"I'll be glad to help, dear. What's the name and room number of the patient?" The grandmother in her weak, tremulous voice said,"Norma Findlay, Room 302." The operator replied, "Let me put you on hold while I check with the nurse's station for that room." After a few minutes, the operator returned to the phone and said, "I have good news. Her nurse just told me that Norma is doing well. Her blood pressure is fine; her blood work just came back normal, and her physician, Dr. Cohen, has scheduled her to be discharged tomorrow." The grandmother said,"Thank you. That's wonderful. I was so worried.God bless you for the good news." The operator replied,"You're more than welcome. Is Norma your daughter?" The grandmother said,"No, I'm Norma Findlay in Room 302. No one tells me shit."
What did the CIA dogs say when they supsected they were being followed? Looks like we got a tail.
Two beggars are sitting on the pavement in Ireland One is holding a large cross and the other a large star of david. Both are holding hats to collect contributions. As people walk by, they lift their noses at the guy holding the star of david but drop money in the other guy's hat. Soon one hat is nearly full whilst the other hat is empty. A priest watches and then approaches the men. He turns to the guy with the star of david and says, "Don't you realize that this is a Christian country? You'll never get any contributions in this country holding a star of david." The guy holding the star of david then turns to the guy holding the cross and says, "Moishe, look who's trying to teach us marketing!"
Mailman's last day on the job. After 30 years, mailman George decides to retire. On his last day, he makes his usual rounds. When he arrives at the first house, the whole family comes out, congratulates him, and sends him on his way with a $50 gift envelope. At the second house, they present him with a box of fine cigars. At the next house, he is met at the door by a strikingly beautiful woman in a revealing negligee. She takes him by the hand and leads him up to the bedroom, where she blows his mind with the most passionate sex he has ever experienced. When done, they go downstairs, where she fixes him a giant breakfast. As she pours him a cup of coffee, he notices a dollar bill sticking out from under the cup's bottom edge. "All this is just too wonderful for words," he says, "but what's the dollar for?" "Well," she says, "last night, I told my husband that today would be your last day and that I wanted to do something special for you. I asked him what to give you. He said, 'Fuck him. Give him a dollar.' But breakfast was my idea!"
Did you all hear Jerry Sandusky is getting a custom ipod touch? It will be known as the itouch kids!
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work! h/t to Big Mike, Tha Gangsta of Luv.
Did you hear about the suspect who was released from jail after he touched grounded metal and received a static shock? He was cleared of all charges.
A dog named Sex Everybody I know who has a dog usually calls him "Rover" or "Spot". I call mine Sex. Now, Sex has been very embarrassing to me. When I went to the City Hall to renew the dog's license, I told the clerk that I would like a license for Sex. He said, "I would like to have one too!" Then I said, "But she is a dog!" He said he didn't care what she looked like. I said, "You don't understand. ... I have had Sex since I was nine years old." He replied, "You must have been quite a strong boy." When I decided to get married, I told the minister that I would like to have Sex at the wedding. He told me to wait until after the wedding was over. "But Sex has played a big part in my life and my whole world revolves around Sex." He said he didn't want to hear about my personal life and would not marry us in his church. I told him everyone would enjoy having Sex at the wedding. The next day we were married at the Justice of the Peace. My family is barred from the church from then on. When my wife and I went on our honeymoon, I took the dog with me. When we checked into the motel, I told the clerk that I wanted a room for me and my wife and a special room for Sex. He said that every room in the motel is a place for sex. "You don't understand. ... Sex keeps me awake at night." "Me too!" The clerk said One day I entered Sex in a contest. But before the competition began, the dog ran away. Another contestant asked me why I was just looking around. I told him that I was going to have Sex in the contest. He said that I should have sold my own tickets. "You don't understand," I said, "I hoped to have Sex on TV." He called me a show off. When my wife and I separated, we went to court to fight for custody of the dog. "Your Honor, I had Sex before I was married but Sex left me after I was married."I said, "Me too!" The Judge answered. Last night Sex ran off again. I spent hours looking all over for her. A cop came over and asked me what I was doing in the alley at 4 o'clock in the morning. I said, "I'm looking for Sex." -- My case comes up next Thursday. Well now I've been thrown in jail, been divorced and had more damn troubles with that dog than I ever foresaw. Why just the other day when I went for my first session with the psychiatrist, she asked me, "What seems to be the trouble?" I replied, "Sex has been my best friend all my life but now it has left me for ever. I couldn't live any longer so lonely." and the doctor said, "Look mister, you should understand that sex isn't a man's best friend so get yourself a dog."
I once knew a girl so skinny... that when she swallowed a grape, 3 men left town. (it takes some thought)
A man had no idea what to be for his costume party. Nothing was working out for him, and it finally came to him. Later that night he walked out wearing only jeans. His wife asked him what he was supposed to be. He replied "A premature ejaculation. I just came in my pants." ~Again an old one, but I like it. Sorry if it's a repost~
What do ping pong players and my dominatrix have in common? They both like to paddle little, white balls.
What is it called when a duck kills another duck? Quack on quack crime.
If you're going to have sex with someone you don't know, always ask... ...
Sometimes I think I have ADD, if I try to...... Turtle.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
The more time passes since the movie "Fight Club" was released... ...the better we all are at following the first two rules of Fight Club.
Two Mexican men have just crossed the border into the U.S. They are now wandering through the Arizona desert. In short time, they become lost amongst the sand, praying for any sign of civilization. They spend days out there, and are on the verge of death from heat and starvation. When suddenly, a shining oasis appears before them. The water is crystal clear and it is surrounded with lush foliage. And in the center is one specific tree. It is a majestic plant and from it's branches hang the most unexpected of things. Bacon. Delicious, crispy bacon. Enough to feed a man for days. Without even thinking, one of the men bolts for the oasis, desperate for food and water. As he reaches the half way point, from behind the tree springs forth a man wielding a machine gun. The poor immigrant is gunned down and lays in the sand, dieing. His friend runs to him and says &gt; Miguel, are you alright? What happened to you? To which the man responds, looking up at his friend with his dieing breath &gt; Pedro, it is not a bacon tree...it is a hambush. **Edit** Nevada is not a border state.
double negatives what is the greatest double negative/oxymoron of all time? A happy Marriage
Three hikers are in the woods... ...and they come across a rock with some strange life form growing on it. The first hiker exclaims: "Wow, look at this amazing fungus!" The second hiker replies: "Nah, that looks more like moss to me." Says the third: "Well, I know what I'd lichen it to."
A Brit, a Frenchman, and an American are adventuring in a remote jungle... ...and are captured by a tribe of cannibals! The tribe's chief tells them that soon they will die, their flesh eaten, and their skin stretched out to make canoes. But first, they must end their own lives in a manner of their choosing. The Frenchman sneers and says, "I will take ze poison." So the chief concocts a lethal poison of potent herbs and hands it to him. He exclaims, "Vive la France!", downs the poison, and immediately falls over dead. The Brit musters a stiff upper lip and says, "Righto, I suppose I will shoot myself." The tribe convenes and after some difficulty the chief is able to produce an outdated but functional firearm which he reluctantly hands to the Brit. A man of his word, he puts the gun to his head and says, "God save the Queen!", pulls the trigger, and falls over dead. The American says, "Just give me a sharp stick." The chief looks back at the tribe in confusion, who simply shrug back, and hands the man a simple stick whittled to a sharp point on one end. The American snatches up the stick, begins to stab himself everywhere repeatedly, and screams, "Fuck your canoe!"
A Black man, a Mexican and a Polish man are at a construction site having lunch. The black man opens up his lunch and says "If I get fried chicken for lunch again, I'm going to jump off this building." The Mexican opens up his lunch and says "If I get a burrito for lunch again, I'm going to jump off this building." The Polish guy opens his lunch and says "If I get a bologna sandwich for lunch again, I'm going to jump off this building." The next day the three men are having lunch. They all open up their lunches and see they've all got the same thing from the day before and proceed to jump to their deaths. Their wives get to talking at the wake when the black mans wife says "If I knew he didn't like fried chicken, I would've never put it in his lunch." The Mexican mans wife says "If I knew he didn't like burritos, I would've never put it in his lunch." When they turn to the Polish mans wife she says "Don't look at me, he made his own lunch."
How many /r/jokes reditorz does it take to change a light bulb? 21, the first 20 will just repost an old one.
Why do lesbians like radishes? Because they like to get their daikon.
So I was playing poker with a few lepers... when someone threw in a hand.
Why did Pee Wee Herman win the annual bass fishing contest? Experts say it's because he was a master baiter.
Fishing trip A man phones home from the office and tells his wife, "Something has just come up. I need to go fishing with the boss for the weekend. We leave right away, so can you pack my clothes, my fishing equipment, and my blue silk pajamas? I'll be home in an hour to pick them up." He hurries home, grabs everything and rushes off. Sunday night, he returns. His wife asks, "Did you have a good trip?" "Oh yes, great! I think I really impressed the boss. But you forgot to pack my blue silk pajamas." "Oh, no I didn't. I put them in your tackle box."
Dear math, I dont wanna help you find your "x" she left you, move on
Ten Dollars A man walks into a Texas bar with only ten dollars and a longing desire for a night of casual love-making. He asks the bartender if any of the ladies-of-the-night in town would accept ten dollars as payment. the bartender smirks and says "Alright, for ten bucks, the only pussy you'll get tonight is sandpaper sally." The man looks where the bartender points and sees a relatively attractive woman smoking in the corner. The man pays his tab and escorts sally to his motel. Soon, they begin their night on the bed, but it's incredibly painful for him. he stops her and says "That really hurts; we're going to have to fix this." So sally goes into the bathroom. She exits a few minutes later and the two begin again. "Wow." mumbles the man. "That's much better. What did you do in there?""eh" says sally casually "I picked the scabs."
Yet another really bad joke A Buddhist goes up to a hot dog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
Anything you want, baby. There once was a man who had done everything his wife told him to since the day they were married. Whether it was taking out the trash, doing the dishes, or pulling weeds, he did it the second she asked. Then one day, his son decided that he had been befuddled as to why he did this for to long. So he confronted his father while he was cleaning the bathroom. "Daddy," the young boy said, "Why do you do everything Mommy says?" "Well son, before you were born, even before your mom and I were married, I made a promise that if I did anything she asked, I could decide your name." The father explained. The boy walked away with it, relieved he finally had an answer. However, the boy later reminded his father of the question and asked: "Was it worth it, Daddy?' The father, without hesitating said, "Yes, Goku, yes it was."
Why does the easter bunny hide all the eggs? Because he doesnt want anybody to know he is fucking the chicken.
Two strips of film are talking in a bar One says to the other "Why don't you and I go find a dark room and see what develops?"
Why do Scuba divers fall backwards off the boat, and into the water? Because if they fell forward, they'd fall into the boat.
My sense of humor is so sophisticated... ...it's not even funny.
One day a college professor was greeting his new college class... He stood up in front of the class and asked if anyone in the class was a moron, and if they were, they should stand up. After a minute a young man stood up. The professor then asked the kid if he actually thought he was a moron. The kid replied, 'No, I just didn't want to see you standing there all by yourself'.
A teacher is giving a lesson on taste So she hands out Lifesavers to all of the kids and asks them to identify the different flavors. They're guessing the flavors - red is cherry, green is lime, etc. They named every flavor except for honey. None of the kids could figure it out, so the teacher decides to give them a hint: "It is something that your mother would call your father." A little girl spits out her lifesaver - "Oh gross - it's asshole flavored!!!"
Three gay guys walk into a bar after their husbands have all died. After a few drinks they started reminiscing about their lovers. The first guy said "I put my husbands ashes into a jar and threw them up into the sky so every time I look up I think of him." The second guy said " I threw my lovers ashes into the ocean so whenever I take a bath I think of him." the third guy said " I put my lovers ashes into a Mexican burrito so he could blow up my ass one more time."
Ethics done right A father is explaining ethics to his son, who is about to go into business. "Suppose a woman comes in and orders a hundred dollars worth of material. You wrap it up, and you give it to her. She pays you with a $100 bill. But as she goes out the door you realize she's given you two $100 bills. Now, here's where the ethics come in: should you or should you not tell your partner?"
Which hole? One day, 3 men died and went to heaven. A philosopher, a mathematician and an idiot. At the pearly gates, St. Peter told them that heaven is pretty crowded right now and that they have to past a test in order to gain admittance. He pointed to Satan who happens to be standing beside him and said " The test is to ask my friend Satan here a question he cannot answer ". So the philosopher stood up and said to Satan " Tell me the meaning of life! " Satan snaps his fingers and a stack of papers falls onto the philosopher's lap. He reads it a few times and admits defeat. *Poof* He goes to hell. Next up was the mathematician. He shouts at Satan " Give me the most complicated formula known to man ! ". Satan snaps his fingers as well and likewise, a stack of papers falls onto the mathematician's lap. He reads it and also admits defeat. *Poof* , he goes to hell. The the idiot waddles up to Satan and says " uhhhh... give me a chair and drill seven holes in it " Satan raises an eyebrow and snaps his fingers. The chair appears and on it is seven perfect holes. The idiot then sits on the chair and lets rip a HUGE fart and says " uhhhhh.. which hole did my fart come out from? " Satan ponders for a moment and says " 3rd hole from the right ". The idiot replies " ummm. nope.. twas from my asshole ". And he goes to heaven.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Dam!
Have you heard the one about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old.
What does marriage have in common with a deck of cards? In the beginning, you only need two hearts and a diamond. Later on, a club and a spade.
Today we are offering the twin tower special... Two can dine for $9.11. Desert is $7.47 each.
You can call me... A man walks into a bar and sits next to an extremely attractive woman. The man buys the woman a drink and they begin talking. As the night progresses he remembers he never got her name and ask her what it is. She replies, "My friends call me Carmen. Its easy to remember because its two of my favorite things, Cars and Men. Whats your name?" To which he replies, "You can call me Golftits."
I have been feeling down on my karma lately.. so I bought a horse and named her Karma. Upvotes for me and Karma-horse.
It's kinda corny... What did baby corn say to momma corn? "Where's pop corn?"
Do you know why only half of the women on earth will experience a real orgasm during their lifetime? There's only 30 millions of Frenchmen on earth.
Cherry tree How do you hide a elephant in a cherry tree? Paint it's balls red. Howed Tarzan die? Picking cherries.
A man walks into a bar... The bartender says, "That must have hurt!" . Sorry. That joke was terrible, I just wanted to post it somewhere online to see the reaction; it's been floating around my head for years. *Probably* should have stayed there. Anyone else got any crappy jokes? EDIT: Sorry I hurt you guys with that awful collection of words.
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
What's the difference between Swine flu and Avian flu? It's what the doctor does to heal you. For one you need 'oinkment', and for the other you need 'tweatment'. **rimshot**
An American, an Aussie and a Kiwi are in a bar... ... they sit at the bar and order whiskey. The American picks up his glass, downs the shot of whiskey and throws the glass into the fireplace. "In America, we got so many glasses, we don't drink out of the same one twice!" The Kiwi nods, downs his drink throws it up into the air and shoots it with his six-shooter. "Same in New Zealand. So many glasses, we don't dare drink out of the same one twice." The Australian looks at them both, downs his shot, pulls out his gun and shoots the Kiwi dead. "Too many Kiwi's in Australia, we don't drink with the same one twice."
THE 5 Secrets to a perfect marriage 1. Have a wife who is a great Cook 2. Have a wife who is great at cleaning 3. Have a wife who is a monster in bed 4. Have a wife who is great with your kids. 5. Make sure those 4 women NEVER MEET.
So a man, his son and his daughter go out fishing prior to fishing season... So man, his son and his daughter go out fishing prior to their local fishing season. In their region it is illegal to keep the fish that they catch prior to the season, but it is still legal to fish. After about one hour and a half, the man hooks a beautiful 55cm cod. He leans over and goes to put the cod back, but his daughter yells in great distress, and pleads with him to keep it as a pet. After around 15 minutes, the man gives in and agrees. 30 more minutes pass, and the trio pack up and head home. FORTUNATELY for them, the local fisheries officer happens to be checking people's cars. The fisheries officer steps over to them and asks "Do you have any fish on you?". The man, who all his life has been very honest, admits that he does. The officer then goes to the back of their car where the fish had been kept. As he opens the boot of the car, he see's the fish and immediately tells them: "This is an illegally held fish, I'm sorry sir, but I'm going to have to fine you." The man than quickly respons, "No, No, No you don't understand this is a pet fish". The officer replies "I've heard it all before, stop trying to convince me otherwise" The man replies "No, No, No you really don't understand. We take this fish fishing with us. He swims out into the middle of the lake and then swims back to us. The officer, who obviously had a big day, say's "Fine show me!" in an concerning tone. The man then brings the fish to the bank of the river, he slowly puts the fish back into the water. The fish swims off quickly, and the two men begin their wait. After about 5 minutes, the officer then claims, "You lied to me, You're going to have to pay a fine for the fish you caught illegally." The man then turns and looks at the officer and says "What fish?"
Hey Southpaw, going to lunch? Of course, I also have the right ...
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Tell me your best one-liner. I'll start. Scientists have discovered that diarrhea runs in the genes.
A salesman is going door to door... He comes to a house knocks on the door and a little kid answers. "Hey, kid is your mom home?" The boy replies, "She's out back gettin' fucked by a goat." The salesman looks puzzled at the kid, goes to the fence and looks over. Sure enough he sees the mom being mounted by a goat. "Hey, kid doesn't this bother you?" "NAAAAA"
The pig farmer is having trouble with his pigs not breeding so he visits the vet. The vet suggests he try artificial insemination, and that if successful, the pigs will roll in the mud. Being a simple pig farmer, he thinks "artificial insemination" means "do it himself." To save his embarrassment and to give himself and the pigs some privacy, he loads them into the back of his pickup and takes them to the woods to do the deed. The next day he wakes up and the pigs are, unfortunately, not in the mud. Back into the pickup and out to the woods for a second day... The next morning he wakes up and the pigs are still not rolling in the mud. The farmer loads them into the pickup again and takes them out to the woods. The next morning the farmer is too tired and sore to get out of bed so he asks his wife if the pigs are rolling in the mud. She responds, "They aren't rolling in the mud, but they're piled into the back of the truck and one of them is honking the horn."
Prank Phone Call I Made So I love prank phone calls, theyre one of my few talents. A buddy of mine is extremely paranoid and gullible. I called him up using a stoner/ent voice: him "hello" me 'hey man, whats up. this is Mark from 204' (the room below him) him "oh whats up man" 'not shit bro, whats good?' "not much man" 'straight, so ill just get right to it. my RA was poking around my floor cause some people were complaining about the smell of pot... he came and taked to me... well i kinda told him the smell was coming from your romm... and you had shit....' "wtf man! why the fuck did you say that?!?!?" 'dud, like, im on probo man... so like, what else was i supposed to do' "DUDE YOU TAKE THAT SHIT BRO!!!" 'dude.... nah man...look look how about this... ill give you some pot, if you take this one for me... --he now devolps a slight suspicion-- "wait man, i dont even live in (the room i knew he lived in)" 'oh shit bro! ahh man, sorry bout that haha someones gona get a shit wake up call from the campus police hahah' "..WHAT THE FUCK MAN!!!!!! HOLY SHIT, SHIT SHIT IM SO FUCKED!! WHAT THE FUCK!!!!" 'dude... bro..... we cool?' " NO WERE NOT FUCKING COOL! WHAT THE FUCK MAN!" I heard from another friend the next day he had punched a wall and was in the ER
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A Gummy bear.
I was thinking of becoming a railway conductor... Then I thought of all the training.
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Ruberto.
This father says to his son, "Stop playing with yourself you'll go blind." The son says, "I'm over here, dad."
How are procrastination and masturbation alike? At first it's all fun, but in the end you realize you're just screwing yourself.
What was Amanda Todd's favourite anime? Naruto.
I love my girlfriend, but... My wife hates her!
Strike The circus midgets go on strike. The head clown gets worried and, goes to the ringmaster. He tells him "we may have to cancel all of our shows." The ringmaster just looks at him and says " don't worry; it will be a very short strike.
I was gonna make a joke about sluts... ...but it would just be whoreable.
A single mom and her 5 year old son... are living in a small apartment. One day, the boy walks past his mothers room and notices that her door is slightly open. He peeks in and sees his mother standing in front of a mirror rubbing her hands all over her body. She is rubbing her breasts and her vagina and is moaning the words, "I want a man, I want a man so fucking bad!" The boy is confused by this and walks away, not knowing if he should say or do anything. The next day the boy walks by his mothers room again, and again he sees her rubbing her naked body all over in front of a mirror, moaning "I want a man, Oh fuck, I want a man so bad!" The boy, still confused, walks away, not knowing what to do or say. The next day, the boy peeks in the room and sees his mother doing the same thing, rubbing herself all over and moaning "I want a man. I want a man so fucking bad!" And again, the boy, still very confused, walks away. The next day the boy walks by and peeks in again, but this time his mother is in bed wrestling and moaning with a man. The boy gasps in shock, runs as fast as he can to his room, stands in front of his mirror, rips all of his clothes off, and starts to rub his nipples and his penis, moaning "I want a bicycle, I want a bicycle so fucking bad!"
Somewhere in the world... Somewhere in the world, there exists a man or woman with the email address notreal@totallyfake.com, and they would be so mad if they found out that I'm the reason they get so much spam mail.
What not to ask a gynecologist when seeking dating advice. What do you look for in a woman?
How do you keep an idiot busy for 3500 years? Give them a bible
Man draws fire for arson attack on art class.
My town is so small... the Village Idiot doubles as the Mayor.
Butterfly Ass and Other Smells As Told by the Dog
What did the egg say to the boiling water? "It might take awhile for me to get hard, I got laid this morning"
the case for the lost bicycle A Methodist preacher and a Baptist preacher live in a small southern town. Every day, they pass each other on their bycycles as they ride to their respective churches. One day, the Methodist notices the Baptist walking. He says "Brother, where is your bicycle?" "My heart is heavy, for I fear that a member of my congregation has stolen it" replied the Baptist. "That's horrible." Thinking for a moment, the Methodist has an idea. "I know how we might get your bike back. This Sunday, you should preach the ten commandments. When you get to thou shalt not steal, really bear down on it. Maybe the theif will feel guilty and return your bike." "That's a great idea, I'll try it!" Sure enough, the following Monday, the Methodist preacher sees the Baptist Preacher riding his bike. "I see my plan worked" said the Methodist. "Well, not exactly" replied the Baptist. "I did like you said, and gave a real fire and brimstone sermon on the ten commandments. However, when I got to thou shalt no commit adultery, I remembered where I left my bike."
A wife gets naked ...and asks her husband, 'What turns you on more! my pretty face or my sexy body?'  Husband looks her up and down for a moment and replies, 'Your sense of humor.'
Hitler at a bar A man walks into a bar and believes to see Adolf Hitler sitting on a bar stool. The man walks up to the man, and in an unsure tone, asks: Are you Adolf Hitler. At which point the following conversation ensues: Hitler: Why yes, I am Man: I thought you were dead! Hitler: No, my friend. I have been in hiding all these years. I am slowly rebuilding my army. Soon we are going to rise up, kill three million Jews, and one clown. Man: Why kill a clown? Hitler: See!! No one cares about the Jews.
Tasteless but SFW What do you call a group of elderly virgins? Dried Cherries
Sometimes I like to pretend I am a cat ...and ignore my wife until it is dinner time
What's a programmer's least favorite wind instrument? The OBOE.
At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep? When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah!
she used to like me. boy: k girl: every kiss begins with k boy: too bad ugly starts with u! girl:... boy: apply cold water to that burn
(I suck at jokes) It only Takes 1 An older Irishman is sitting at a Rural bar looking depressed. A regular at the bar notices, and asks the old-timer what's the trouble? [Old-Timer] See that road over there? [Regular] Aye [Old-Timer] I built that road. Carried the stones and put them in place my own sweat and blood. Do they call me Patrick the Road layer??? No... And the Bridge down that road... I built that bridge... Did anyone help me, no... Do they call me Patrick the Bridge-Builder?! No... (Now getting Irate) And the Church! I Labored for years and lost a finger to build the house of god. Do they call me Patrick the Church Builder! NO... But you F**K one goat.....
Two babys at the birth ward... ...one baby says to the other."i'm a boy" to with the other reply:"how do you know?". the first baby pulls the blanket to the side and says:"look i got blue socks on"
How do you catch defish? With debate.
How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle? Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead ... were walking down a street one day when they came across a magic mirror. The mirror saw them and spoke " I will grant you each a wish if you can say something truthful about yourself. If you lie, you will cease to exist instead ". The brunette went up and said " I think I am smart ! " *Poof*, she disappears. The redhead then went up and said " I think I am beautiful ! " *Poof*, she also disappears. Finally the blonde's turn comes up and she says " I think *Poof* ...
A man's falling from the 50th floor of a skyscraper. When he gets to the 15th floor, he looks down and says, "So far so good."
So, two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... *Ba dim tish!*
A jew and a mexican are talking... The jew says, "lemme ask you something, are theres jews in mexico?" The mexican replies "oh yes my friend, plenty of jews...apple jews, orange jews, and tomato jews."
Cannibals and Shipwrecked Survivors An Englishman, a Frenchman, and an American are shipwrecked. They wash up onto a island that is inhabited by cannibals, and are captured. The cannibals string them up, and bring them before the High Shaman "You have invaded our sacred lands," says the High Shaman. "We are going to kill you. We are going to eat you. And we will use your hides to build our canoes. However, tribal custom dictates that we give you one last request." The Englishman says "I would like to tell my beloved wife that I am about to die, and that I love her very much." The High Shaman nods, and has the warriors bring the Englishman pen, paper, and a glass bottle. The Englishman writes a long, heartfelt letter to his wife, places the letter in the bottle, and throws it into the sea. Then the cannibals kill him. They eat him. And from his hide, they construct a canoe. The High Shaman then points to the Frenchman. The Frenchman says "I would like a cigarette to smoke one last time." The High Shaman nods, and brings the Frenchmen a cigarette and lighter. The Frenchman smokes it slowly, until he is satisfied, then flicks the butt away. Then the cannibals kill him. They eat him. And from his hide, they construct a canoe. The High Shaman then points to the American. The American says "I want a fork." The High Shaman shrugs, and calls for a fork. The American then takes the fork, and begins violently stabbing himself with it, while screaming at the top of his lungs "Here's your canoe!"
What do you call a mexican who has a rubber toe and lost his car, Robert carlos
A young woman marries an old man for his money, and they go on their honeymoon. They're both sort of traditional, so they haven't had sex (with each other) before the wedding. They get to their hotel room, and get ready to have sex for the first time. The man drops his pants and his wife says "ugh, what ugly knees you have!" The man defends himself, saying "When I was 11, I had kneesels". He then removes his socks, and his wife says "Your toes look god-awful!" The man responds "When I was 13, I had tolio". He then pulls off his underpants, and his wife says "Don't tell me- when you were 15, you had smallcox."
What does a redneck and yeast have in common? They are both "in-bread" Downvote me to hell if you want. This is my only joke.
It's the oldest joke in the book, but I love it. A guy walks into a bar and notices a man about a foot tall playing a little piano. He asks the bartender why the little man is there, and he responds "I'll explain in a minute. First, make a wish on this magic beer bottle." The guy says "Ok, sure" He goes to the bottle and rubs it and a genie appears. "You have one wish", he says. The man thinks about it and then wishes for a million bucks. A cloud of smoke fills the room, and when the smoke clears there are a million ducks crowding the bar. The guy looks at the bartender and says, "Hey! What gives? I didn't want a million ducks!" The bartender laughs, 'You think I asked for a 12-inch pianist?
Number 7 Mark dreams number 7. He wakes up, looks at his watch: it was 7:07. He looked at the calendar: July 7, 2007. Decided it was a sign he's taking the bus 77. Arrive at the track, put $ 7777 on the horse 7 from the 7th race. The horse comes seventh.
Take another card. Rob is a rather successful small business owner living in the assuming lands of the mid-western United States. One day, as he arrives at his modest office and sits down at his modest desk and begins his modest work for the day, he hears a rather booming voice say, "SELL YOUR BUSINESS, ROB!" Startled, Rob looks around at his employees and sees that none of them have noticed the voice. He figured the voice is just him overworking himself and ignores it. The next day, Rob again sits down in his modest office at his modest desk to a modest amount of work, and yet again he hears the booming voice tell him, "ROB! DO IT! SELL YOUR BUSINESS!" Again, he chalks it up to work time stress (it is after all the holiday season) and decides to ignore the voice and go about his business. The next day, at near enough the exact same time, poor Rob hears the booming voice yet again tell him, "LISTEN ROB. SELL YOUR BUSINESS. DO IT!" Rob is clearly perplexed! The more he thinks on it though, the less he thinks it's a poor idea and ultimately decides that he's going to listen to the seemingly benevolent voice. Thus, Rob wakes up the next day and, instead of going to work, contacts a friend and business contact that had previously mentioned an interest in purchasing the business. His friend is sure enough still interested and sells the business to Rob for a cool $2 million. Rob's overjoyed and realizes he can live the rest of his life in moderate comfort. Just as he hangs up the phone, though, he hears a voice, the same voice in fact, telling him, "BUY A TICKET TO VEGAS, ROB. DO IT." At this point, Rob figures he might as well just do what the voice says and buys a ticket. He may as well enjoy his retirement. The plane lands in Vegas and Rob soon finds himself on the iconic Vegas strip. Unbelievably, the voice booms again "ROB, FIND THE NEAREST CASINO." Rob again decides that he ought to because *why-the-hell-not*. Rob enters the casino and just as he passes the door hears the voice yet again speak. This time it tells him, "FIND THE NEAREST BLACK-JACK TABLE". So Rob obeys. Rob then sits himself down at the table after which the voice tells him "BET IT ALL ON ONE HAND ROB. DO IT!" Rob is flabbergasted! Why would he do a thing like that. He hesitates but then hears again "ROB. DO WHAT I SAY. BET IT ALL ON ONE HAND." And so...he does. He gets his cards and what do you know he has an 18! Rob feels pretty comfortable at this point but all of a sudden hears "TAKE ANOTHER CARD, ROB. DO IT." *Fuck it*, thinks Rob and decides to go for it. He takes another card and...an ACE! He can't believe his luck, he's at 19! But all of a sudden he hears "TAKE ANOTHER CARD, ROB. DO IT!" At this point he has a measure of faith in the voice and goes for it with barely any hesitation and waddya know! Another ace! He's in! 20! But just as he expected, the voice yells again "TAKE ANOTHER CARD, ROB. DO IT! LISTEN TO ME AND DO IT!" Before the words have even finished Rob signals for another hit and...A THIRD ACE! Incredible! Rob is bouncing up and down with joy at a perfect 21. He looks down at his cards in disbelief when he suddenly hears the voice say: "UN. FUCKING. BELIEVABLE."
What do you call a puppy on its period in the peak of summer? A hot dog with ketchup at one end.
Jews and pizzas What is the difference between a Jew and pizza? The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
One-trick wonder A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "If I show you a really good trick, will you give me a free drink?" The bartender considers it, then agrees. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. After the man finished his drink, he asked the bartender, "If I show you an even better trick, will you give me free drinks for the rest of the evening?" The bartender agrees, thinking that no trick could possibly be better than the first. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The man reaches into another pocket and pulls out a small bullfrog, who begins to sing along with the rat's music. While the man is enjoying his beverages, a stranger confronts him and offers him $100,000.00 for the bullfrog. "Sorry," the man replies, "he's not for sale." The stranger increases the offer to $250,000.00 cash up front. "No," he insists, "he's not for sale." The stranger again increases the offer, this time to $500,000.00 cash. The man finally agrees, and turns the frog over to the stranger in exchange for the money. "Are you insane?" the bartender demanded. "That frog could have been worth millions to you, and you let him go for a mere $500,000!" "Don't worry about it." the man answered. "The frog was really nothing special. You see, the rat's a ventriloquist."
Two doctors One night a man and a woman are both at a bar knocking back a few beers. They start talking and come to realize that they're both doctors. After about an hour, the man says to the woman, "Hey. How about if we sleep together tonight. No strings attached. It'll just be one night of fun." The woman doctor agrees to it. So they go back to her place and he goes in the bedroom. She goes in the bathroom and starts scrubbing up like she's about to go into the operating room. She scrubs for a good 10 minutes. Finally she goes in the bedroom and they have sex for an hour or so. Afterwards, the man says to the woman, "You're a surgeon, aren't you?" "Yeah, how did you know?" The man says, "I could tell by the way you scrubbed up before we started." "Oh, that makes sense", says the woman. " You're an anesthesiologist aren't you?" "Yeah", says the man , a bit surprised. "How did you know?" The woman answers, "Because I didn't feel a thing."
what's the difference between a my girlfriend and a voice activated sink? One gets turned on and all wet when I speak to it. The other is a voice activated sink.
How many non-compliant Germans does it take to change a light bulb? Nein!
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? He wiped his ass.
What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench? The NBA.
I got arrested last night for murder... I can't remember too much, I was out drinking till late. Once I left the pub I saw two young men fighting. It took some effort but I successfully managed to separate them. The judge says they were Siamese twins conjoined at the head.
If I ever move to Nazareth I'm going to open a cheese shop. It'll be called Cheeses of Nazareth.
A man gets a call from his doctor. The doctor tells him that his test results are in and he needs to see him right away. The next day, the man shows up. He walks into the doctor's office. "Hey. What's the news?" The doctor sighs and stands up. "Well...the test results are in. I'm afraid you have cancer and onomatopoeia." The man frowns. "What's onomatopoeia?" "Exactly what it sounds like."
Why did the blonde girl get fired from the M&amp;M factory? She kept throwing away all the W's.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair
Costume Party A man and his wife have been invited to a costume party for Halloween, however on the night of the event the wife says to her husband that she can't go because she feels ill and needs to lie down. The husband asks if she wants him to stay at home, but not wanting to ruin her husbands evening says she'll be fine at home. Soon after the man puts on his costume and leaves to go to the party. About an hour or so later the wife wakes up feeling much brighter, she decides to surprise her husband by turning up to the costume party, seeing as he doesn't know what her costume looks like. After getting to the party she spots her husband dancing, she comes up behind him and starts getting frisky, after a fair amount of drinking and dancing she decides to pull him back to the car for some after party fun. Just before the party ends however and masks are revealed the wife slips out, getting back into bed just as she hears her husband arrive back home, after him getting back she asks how the party was. The husband says "Yeah it was an okay night , I met Tom and George and won about 50 quid in a poker game, but I lent my costume to Pat, who said he had the best damn night of his life, so I felt I missed out a bit"
What do you call a stoned, dyslexic crow? A hybrid
A guy using Apple Maps walks into a bar... or maybe a hospital... possibly a church.
What's the difference in jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick down your throat!
Collecting funny/offensive/anything jokes I take the minutes for my fraternity, and when I send them out I always have a joke at the end, and I always get my jokes from Reddit. What's everyone's favorite/funniest/most offensive joke?
What did the beaver say when his house burned down? Damn
Why can't you eat soup in the Matrix... Because there is no spoon....
two men in a bathroom slightly NSFW A man who recently lost his mom purchased a tattoo of her initials on his penis. He walks into a bathroom and goes to a urinal next to a tall black man. He takes a quick glace over and sees that the man has a very similar tattoo on his penis with the letters WY. When asked if the man also recently lost his mother and got the tattoo in her memory the man replies, "No mine says, Welcome to jamaica have a nice daY."
What do you get when you cross a skunk and a helicopter? A skunkacopter! I've been telling this joke for years after being told it was the worst joke in the world. That just means I'm going to tell more people. Fuck you, Danny.
What did Mitt Romney say to C3P0? Threepio, hand me those binders, willya?
Why did the Jew cross the road? Because the wind blew him there.
Few jokes fer ya Couple of short ones: How do you castrate a redneck? [Kick his sister in the jaw.](/spoiler) How do you make a gay man fuck a woman? [Shit in her cunt.](/spoiler) - Jimmy Carr Now a long one! A huge bomb kills everyone in a large city. Three guys who were killed are waiting to get into heaven. The first guy goes up to the gates and St. Peter asks him, "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" The guy responds, "Never even once. We had a happy marriage." St. Peter says, "For your faithfulness to your wife you will drive around heaven in a Bentley." The next dead guy goes up to Peter and says "Well, I cheated on my wife only one time..." Peter responds, "Then you will drive around heaven in a Honda Civic." The third guy says "Peter, I've been bad. I cheated on my wife six or seven times." Peter told him "Then I will give you a beat up 1995 Honda." The three guys are rolling around heaven in their cars, and they see the first guy, who never cheated on his wife, crying in his Bentley. "What's wrong?" asks the second guy. "I just saw my wife," says the first guy. "So what?" ["She was riding a skateboard."](/spoiler)
Why don't you ask about the home life of a filing cabinet? It's usually a sorted affair.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no eye deer. (said with redneck twang)
Where can you find baby dwarfs? At a dwarfanage
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying? His lips are moving.
How do you know when the king of Egypt is horny? ...From all the Pharaoh moans.
What do you call a jewish bodybuilder? Muscletov.
Pittsburgh There were three priests in a railroad station, all wanting to go home to Pittsburgh. Behind the ticket counter was a very, very shapely lass, well endowed, gorgeous, amazing woman. The priests were all embarrassed and in new territory, so they drew straws to determine who would get the tickets. The first priest approached the window. "Young lady," he began, "I would like three pickets to titsburg." Whereupon he completely lost his composure and fled. The second priest approached. "Young lady, I would like three tickets to Pittsburgh," he began, "and I would like the change in nipples and dimes." So, of course, he also fled. Then came the third. "Young lady, I would like three tickets to Pittsburgh, and I would like the change in nickels and dimes. And I must say," he continued, "if you insist on dressing like that when you get to the pearly gates, St. Finger's going to shake his peter at you."
Sold The Suit When the store manager returned from lunch, he noticed his clerk's hand was bandaged, but before he could ask about the bandage, the clerk said he had some very good news for him. "Guess what, sir?" the clerk said. "I finally sold that terrible, ugly suit we've had so long!" "Do you mean that repulsive pink-and-blue double-breasted thing?" the manager asked. "That's the one!" That's great!" the manager cried, "I thought we'd never get rid of that monstrosity! That had to be the ugliest suit we've ever had! But tell me. Why is your hand bandaged?" "Oh," the clerk replied, "after I sold the guy that suit, his guide dog bit me."
Your wife is knocking at the back door to come inside and your dog is barking at the front. Which one do you let in the house first? The dog, because when the dog gets in the house it stops bitching.
We all know someone like this A woman was at her hairdresser's getting her hair styled prior to a trip to Rome with her boyfriend. She mentioned the trip to the hairdresser, who responded, "Rome? Why would anyone want to go to Rome? It's crowded and dirty and, worse yet, full of Italians. You're crazy to go to Rome. So, how are you getting there?" "We're flying on US Air," was the reply. "We got a great rate!" "US Air?" exclaimed the hairdresser. "That's a terrible airline. Their planes are old, their light attendants are ugly and they're always late. So, where are you staying in Rome?" "We'll be at this exclusive little place over on Rome's left side called Teste.....""Don't go any further. I know that place. Everybody thinks it's gonna be something special and exclusive. But it's really a dump, the worst hotel in the whole city! The rooms are small, the service is surly and they're way overpriced. So, whatcha doing when you get there?" "We're going to go to see the Vatican and we hope to see the Pope." "That's rich," laughed the hairdresser. "You and a million other people trying to see him. He'll look the size of an ant. Boy, good luck on this lousy trip of yours. You're sure going to need it." A month later, the woman, all smiling, came in for her hair appointment. The hairdresser asked her about her trip to Rome. "It was absolutely wonderful," explained the woman, "not only did we arrive on time in one of US Air's brand new jets, but it was overbooked and they bumped us up to first class. The food and wine were wonderful, and I had a handsome 28 year old steward who waited on me hand and foot. And the hotel ... it was fabulous! They'd just finished a $5 million remodeling job and now it's just a jewel, the finest hotel in the city. They, too, were overbooked, so they apologized and gave us their owner's suite at no extra charge!" "Well," muttered the hairdresser, "I know you didn't get to see the Pope." "Actually, we were quite lucky, for as we toured the Vatican, a Guard tapped me on the shoulder and explained that the Pope likes to personally meet some of the visitors, and if I'd be so kind as to step into his private room and wait, the Pope would personally greet me. Sure enough, five minutes later, the Holy Father walked through the door. I knelt down and he spoke a few words to me." "Really?" asked the hairdresser. "What'd he say?" He said, "Where did you get that shitty hairdo?"
God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found in all corners of the world. Then he made the earth round.......and laughed and laughed and laughed.
A pirate walks into a bar The bar tender notices that he has a ships wheel sticking out of the front of his pants, he asks "doesn't that bother you". And the pirate says "arrrr it's drivin me nuts"
The right price A man approaches a woman in a bar: -- Miss, if I offer you a million dollars, would you agree to have sex with me? -- Yes, of course. -- But what if I give you only $50? -- Are you crazy? What kind of woman do you think I am? -- That's what we established earlier, now I'm just trying to negotiate the price.
What was the name of the time traveler with good timing? Justin Time.
What did the lawyer name his daughter? Sue
Virgins So a guy makes a joke in front of a bunch of virgins. No one gets it.
Catching a huge SOB So a young catholic preist moves to a new city. Once he's there, settled in, he gives a sermon, and at the end informs his congregation that he'd really like to get to know them all a little more personally, and if they ever want to have dinner, or play chess or see a movie he'd welcome the opportunity. After the service an older man approaches the young preist and invites him fishing. The man accepts and that weekend, after a few hours of conversation on the lake, the young father hooks a fish, he fights it and fights it an eventually pulls it on board. The old man looks at the fish and exclaims "WOW! That's a huge son of a bitch!" the young father is sort of caught off guard, and explains to the old man that he really isn't comfortable with that sort of language. The old man then explains, "No, No, you don't understand, that's the kind of fish it is. It is a Son of a Bitch." The young father ponders this for a minute then says, "Well okay, how about I take that Son of a Bitch back to the church and i'll get the senior father there to cook it up." The old man agrees and later that day the young father shows the fish to the senior father and exclaims, "Look at the Son of a Bitch I caught today" the senior father is caught of guard, and looks at the young father and says in a hushed tone, "Look, I don't know how you did it in seminary but you really can't use that kind of language in a church, or at all for that matter." The young father then explains, "Oh no, no, you don't understand, that's the kind of fish it is." The senior father then thinks for a minute and says, "Well, why don't I clean that Son of a Bitch, and we'll take it to the convent across the road. I hear Mother Superior is having a special guest tonight. So, they take the fish across the road to Mother Superior. She looks at it and says, "Wow! what an impressive fish." The young father beaming says, "I Caught that Son of a Bitch!" and then the senior father says, "OH and I cleaned that Son of a Bitch!" Mother Superior's jaw drops, she grabs them both by an ear and yanks down practically screaming, "What are you two doing bringing THAT kind of language into MY convent?!?" they then quickly explain that the fish is called a Son of a Bitch. Mother Superior, now much calmer then said a bit flustered, "Well then, I'm so sorry. How about I cook up that Son of a Bitch and we serve it at dinner tonight to our special guest. The fathers both agree to this and a few hours later the special guest arrives. Low and behold it's his holiness the pope. The pope sits at the head of the dinner table, on either side of him are the two fathers, and just one more seat down is Mother Superior. The pope takes a bite of the fish and exclaims, "Wow, this fish is fantastic!" Mother superior then immediately says, "Oh well I cooked that Son of a Bitch!" and the senior father follows suit with, "Well I cleaned that Son of a Bitch!" the young father chimes in too with, "Oh! Oh! and I caught that Son of a Bitch!" the Pope stares intensely at them all for a moment, Leans back in his char, lights a cigar, swirls his wine and says, "You know what? You fuckers are alright."
The most reliable bridge builders in all of Mexico. Spic and Span
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Casper? One is white and scares young children and the other is a ghost.
A young man goes to the doctor... ...to do an HIV test. He completes the questionnaire and gives his blood for analysis. After a couple of days he comes back for the results and asks the doctor: Doctor, what are my results? I have bad news for you, the test is positive. The young man is in shock and wants to know if there is really no medication to help him recover. Doctor: '....you stated that you are gay?' Yes, it's true. Doctor: '...it was to be expected. I have a possible help for you. Take 2 liters of milk, leave it for two days in the sun and drink it with 3 rotten eggs, 2 kg of rotten cabbage and wash it down with a liter of yogurt.' Repeat it 20 days in a row and it is very likely that you will survive! The young man thanks and hurries home to prepare the "cure." Upon his departure, the nurse asks the doctor: Doctor, why do not you tell him the truth, that the tests are negative? Because I want him to see what his ass is actually for...
I've been called "Poindexter" for different things... Does that make me ambipoindextrous?
The Shredder A young engineer was leaving the office at 5:45 p.m. when he found the CEO standing in front of a shredder with a piece of paper in his hand. "Listen," said the CEO, "this is a very sensitive and important document, and my secretary is not here. Can you make this thing work?" "Certainly!" said the young engineer. He turned on the machine, inserted the paper, and pressed the start button. "Excellent, excellent!" said the CEO as his paper disappeared inside the machine, "I just need one more copy."
There is a U.N group set up to help those who're bisexual... B-I-N.G.O!
what do you call a bunch of white people running down a hill? An avalanche. What do you call a bunch of Mexicans running down? A mud slide. What do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill? Jail break.
What do you call a rhinoceros crossed with an elephant? "el' if I know."
When you're as good at levitation as I am... It's hard to keep your feet on the ground.
What if someone was called zelnut Then I'd be like hey zelnut
PMS jokes aren't funny... Period.
How do you kill a redneck? Wait until he's fucking his sister, then cut the brakes on his house.
elmo jokw What does every Elmo receive before they leave the factory? Two test tickles!
What do you get when you cross a Dachshund, a Schnauzer, a Shih Tzu, and a Poodle? A Wienerschnitzel.
If you drop a brown bear and a white bear into a lake, which one dissolves first? The white one, because it's **Polar**.
Halftime A husband and wife were settled in bed watching some tv. Moments later the husband farted and quickly said: "7-0." The wife, competitive indeed proceeded to answer with some gas of her own and answered: "7-7, tie game." A few minutes later the wife relieved herself again and stated, "14-7, I'm winning." The husband knowing this and having the strive to win pushed as hard as he could and shit himself. He replied, "14-14, halftime... switch sides."
Young boy asks his dad for help with his homework. (NSFW) A young boy is doing his science homework, and asks his dad for help. "Dad, whats the difference between Theory, and Reality?" "Well," says the Dad. "I'll tell you what. Go ask your sister if she would fuck the man who lives next door for $500,000." So the son goes upstairs and returns a few minutes later and says to the Dad, "She said she would." "Ok son. Now go ask your mother the same thing." So the son runs into the kitchen, and asks his mother. A minute later he returns and says "She said she would too." "Well then. In theory, we're sitting on $1,000,000 here. In reality, we live with a couple of whores."
Sex with Twins! Two friends, Bob and Joe, were playing golf. Bob remarked, "Ya know Joe, last week I had sex with twins!" "Really?" Joe replied. "How could you tell them apart?" "Well," Bob answered, "the brother had a moustache."
Who here likes pickles? A friend of mine was once employed in a pickle factory. One day, out of nowhere, he expressed a strong urge to stick his dick into the factory's pickle slicer. After a long, hard battle of will and self control, he comes home early one day to tell his wife the bad news: "I got fired for sticking my junk into the pickle slicer." -"What happened to the pickle slicer?" -"Oh, she got fired too."
A husband took the wife to a disco on the weekend... ...There was a guy on the dance floor living it large  break dancing, Moon walking, back flips, the works. The wife turned to husband and said: "See that guy? 25 years ago he proposed to me and I turned him down." Husband says: "Looks like he's still celebrating!!!
Young boy asks his dad for help with his homework. (NSFW) A young boy is doing his science homework, and asks his dad for help. "Dad, whats the difference between Theory, and Reality?" "Well," says the Dad. "I'll tell you what. Go ask your sister if she would fuck the man who lives next door for $500,000." So the son goes upstairs and returns a few minutes later and says to the Dad, "She said she would." "Ok son. Now go ask your mother the same thing." So the son runs into the kitchen, and asks his mother. A minute later he returns and says "She said she would too." "Well then. In theory, we're sitting on $1,000,000 here. In reality, we live with a couple of whores."
Why aren't there any walmarts in Afghanistan? Because there's a Target on every corner!
I used to trust my farts..... But then shit got real.
Why did the Dollar note become 4 Quarters? Because it wanted "to change". *ducks*
A Moldy Oldie Complaining of his marriage for thirty-odd years He highballed his eyeballs, comforting his tears The barkeep asked, what's troubling you son? He poured out his life; I'm finished! I'm done! The woman I married has turned into a nag What I wouldn't give to be rid of that hag Cheer up my friend, I have what you need I know of a man willing to do such a deed Artie's his name, a factory blue collar He enjoys his hobby, charging only a dollar Introducing himself, he sat on a stool Please dear sir, don't think me a fool I need your help, if you're willing and able Sliding his wife's picture across the bar table The love we once shared is impossible to find Everything she does drives peace from my mind For a dollar Artie agreed to get rid of his mate She shops Farmer's Mart tomorrow, precisely at eight The very next morning she parked the front aisle Artie gazed at her picture, then waited awhile He stalked her while shopping the produce section The near-empty store posed slight risk of detection With a look to his left, and a quick glance to his right He crept, then he leapt, choking with all of his might She swooned and she swayed, crumpling to the floor Artie mused to himself: Attention! Cleanup, aisle four A stock boy rounded the corner, witnessing the mess Artie likewise dispatched him, in a minute, or less A customer screamed, seeing this deed, dark and vile With hands around her throat, he added her to the pile The manager called the cops, who put Artie in jail There, he awaited trial, unable to post bail The following day's headlines gave readers a start: "Artie chokes three for a dollar, at local Farmer's Mart" -Philip Shivel
Lance Armstrong flew to NY yesterday to fight the allegations of doping. ... would have been more convincing if he'd taken a plane, though.
A local radio station was finishing up a competition and the woman said she was "racking up the tally" I guess that makes her a **tallyracker**.
A rope walks into a bar. The bartender says "Get out of here! We don't serve ropes here!" So the rope heads around the block, walks up to a stranger and says "Hey, can you tie me in a knot?" Stranger shrugs and does it. The rope hangs out a little longer, till a lady walks by and he asks "Hey, could you fray my ends a bit?" Woman thinks it's weird, but does it anyway. So the rope goes back into the bar. The bartender says "Hey, aren't you the rope I just kicked out of here?" "No," answers the rope. "I'm a frayed knot."
I went for my prostate examination this morning.After inserting a finger into my arse and having a good feel around, the doctor looked at me and said, "that should be my finger, not yours"
At the ATM MAN: 1) Pull up to machine 2) Wind window down 3) Insert ATM card, enter PIN 4) Retrieve cash 5) Drive away WOMAN: 1) Pull up to machine 2) Open door (too far away from machine) 3) Search through all of the 112 compartments in handbag for ATM card 4) Do make up, apply lipstick, fix hair 5) Insert Card 6) Remove card 7) Insert card the correct way up 8) Search for piece of paper with PIN on it 9) Enter PIN 10) Enter correct PIN 11) Retrieve cash, put in bag 12) Drive off 13) Reverse back to machine 14) Retrieve card 15) Drive away
Why Did The One Handed Man Cross The Road? So he could get to the second hand store!
What do you call a very nosy spice? Jalapeno Business You need to say this in a pretty thick Hispanic accent for it to work. I heard it from some classmates.
A foreigners understanding of Romney - aka homeless people around the world A homeless man is sitting in London, spreading shit on a piece of bread and the Prime Minister walks by and says: Oh, you are so poor, have some money." A homeless man is sitting in Moscow, spreading shit on a piece of bread and Medvedev walks by and says: Oh, you are so poor, have some meal tickets." A homeless man is sitting in Washington, spreading shit on a piece of bread and Romney walks by and says: THINNER, THINNER!"
When did Anakin's Jedi Master know he was turning to the dark side? In the Sith grade.
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog?... At least when your eating pussy you can see the asshole in front of you!
Working title for the new Tyler Perry movie? Alex Crossdresser
Some homework help Johnny asks his father for help on his history homework. He asks, "How do capitalism and government work?" And the father replies that his mother is the government, since she controls the most in the household. The father is capitalism, since he is the breadwinner of the family. The maid is the working class, Johnny is the people, since he answers to his parents, and his younger brother is the future. Johnny says he needs a night to think it over. Later that night, Johnny wakes up to his brother crying. He can smell that he needs a diaper changed. He opens the door to his parent's room, and finds his father missing and his mother fast asleep and won't wake up. He sees a light and walks down the hall to find his father in bed with the maid. The next morning, Johnny's father asks if he understands government now. Johnny replies, "I do! Capitalism is screwing the working class, the government is useless ignoring the people, and the future is full of shit."
Why don't blind people skydive? It scares the fuck out of the dogs.
So three people are running from the cops... ...and after a while they decide to take shelter in a barn. One goes into a stall with a cow in it, the second in a stall with sheep, and the third dived into a pile of hay. The police enter the barn, and one kicks the door with the cows in it, and the person inside, thinking quickly says "Moooooooo" The second police kicks the pen with sheep in it and the guy inside follows the first ones lead and says "Baaaaaa" The third police hits the pile of hay with his baton, and the last person inside yells "Hey!" ------------------------------------------------------------------- He was then discovered and snitched on his cohorts, landing all three of them in prison where the snitch got raped repeatedly.
This is a really long one, but absolutely my favorite joke. There was this guy, Scott, who for all intents and purposes, was perfectly normal. A happy marriage, a great job and few worries.  That was, until, he was diagnosed with leprosy. Now, this wasn't the "quarantine you on a deserted island" kind of leprosy, nor was it contagious in the least, but it did have the nasty habit of making parts of his body drop off at inopportune times.  Suffice it to say, this made Scott rather depressed and afraid to be seen in public. After countless doctors visits, and consulting with the nations top specialists, he was finally stabilized physically to be reintroduced to society, though he remained under a psychiatrists care for his depression.  Weekly sessions turned to monthly, and eventually an experiment was proposed. Scott was to take his wife to the most exclusive restaurant, sit at the nicest table and ignore anyone that looked at him crossly. Scott knew he was ready.  The night of the dinner, dressed in their finest clothing, they arrived at the restaurant. The maitre d' was a consummate professional and never batted even an eye lash. Scott's hope were raised, and his confidence bolstered.  The first hiccup occurred when the sommelier over poured the wine glass while staring at him, but Scott knew he was fine, just the way he was, so with a raised eyebrow, he sent the wine man away.  From there, it all went downhill. First, the man at the closest table let loose with the smallest snicker. Scott ignored him. Then, several tables away, another couple pointed at him. Scott ignored them, too.  Finally, from across the room, a man stood up laughing uncontrollably and gestured wildly at Scott.  He had finally reached his limit. Throwing down his napkin, Scott rose and addressed the man directly. "Sir! I'm sorry that my appearance has interrupted your meal, but this is uncalled for! Although I may look differently from you, I am still a man, and deserve to be treated as one!" To which the stranger replied, wiping tears from his face, "No, no, no! You have it all wrong! I'm not laughing at you at all! It's the guy behind you! He keeps dipping his bread in your back!" tl;dr Read the damn thing, you lazy bastard
What's the best part about living in Indiana? All the corny jokes.
In today's economy, it's so hard for an Engineer grad to find a fucking job! I mean, I've got lots of theoretical studies and hands-on self-training sessions, but they keep turning me down due to lack of actual experience. How the hell do they expect me to get any job experience when nobody wants to sleep with me?
Ever had sex so good... That you told your wife when you got home?
There was a little boy celebrating his 11th birthday. He decided to test his family to see if they remembered his birthday, so he goes downstairs to his father. "Bet cha' can't guess how old I am today", the boy said. The father has no clue and finally gives up. "I'm eleven!" the boy exclaims. Next he goes in the kitchen, walks up to his grandma, and says, "Bet cha' can't guess how old I am today". "Let me give it a guess", grandma says and sticks her hand in his trousers. She plays with his testicles for about an hour or so (squeezing them; moving them back and forth), takes her hand out of his trousers, and says, "You're eleven years old". "How did you know?" the boy asked. Grandma replied, "I heard you tell your father".
The difference between dead babies and vegetables? I don't eat my vegetables.
What do dwarves and hipsters have in common? (just made this joke up, help me if I can word it better) They're underground, and it's hard to tell males from females. or something like that =)
The greatest joke of all: Your sex life.
Cowboy's remedy This is my dad's favorite joke. A bunch of tourists on a dude ranch are back from a mild trail ride, exhausted and sunburnt. One young guy is complaining about how chapped his lips are, but no one has any chapstick. An old cowboy sees the man's distress and walks on over to him. "Son, an old trail remedy for that is to give yer horse a kiss where the sun don't shine." The young man is incredulous, but all the other cowboys are nodding with the old-timer. So he lifts his horse's tail and, after a little gagging a lot of hesitation, pecks the horse straight on his asshole. He stands back, shuddering. After a minute, his lips are still chapped. "What the hell was that supposed to do?!" he demands. "Well," the old cowboy says with a shrug, "you'll stop lickin' them now."
/r/Jokes Request I know this has been talked about many times, but can it be required to use spoilers to cover up the punchline in the joke? I know I'm not the only one whose eyes drift to the bottom right away. Just a request. Thanks guys!
Johnny was a chemist... ...but Johnny is no more. For what Johnny thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
What do you call a corn farmer who wakes up one morning to find that complex branching pathways have been cut into his field? amaized.
Why do hunters make good lovers? 1. They always go deep in the bush. 2. They shoot often. 3. They always eat what they shoot.
Why can't you put the punchline in the title? What do you say to piss off a redditor?
A man was asked for his secret to a long lasting marriage... **"Well, i took my wife to Italy on our honeymoon."** *"so what are you guys doing for your 20th wedding anniversary?"* **"Im going back to get her."**
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone? You can't make a vita-min. But you can make a hor-mone!
So I was at the grocery store getting a few things for the weekend, and I noticed an old lady staring at me... once I caught her she swiftly looked away. I approached the dairy aisle and could feel this old lady staring at me again, so I went into the next aisle, she followed right behind me and kept looking at me. Feeling very creeped out I grabbed a few last items and rushed to the check-out. Approaching the line the old lady cuts in front of me with a big ass loaded cart of groceries and continues to stare at me... so I ask sternly "can I help you with something?" the lady break down and claims that I look just like her son who recently died in the war, and she couldn't help but look at me because the similarities were so striking. I instantly feel an odd sense of guilt and feel really bad for this lady, so I say "I am so sorry, your son died a hero" and immediately a small sparkle pierces in her eye and she asks "can you do me one favor before I leave the store?" I told her "anything I can help with... I will." a look of relief shook over her face when she said "before I leave... could you give me a hug and say I love you mom?" and I thought wow, poor lady... so I told her I could do that. The cashier began ringing up the old lady, and once she placed the last of her bagged groceries in her cart I gave her a hug and said "I love you mom, I'll see you later" she smile and exhaustively said "you're such a good boy" and then she pushed her cart out the front door and looked back and waved goodbye before she left. In the meantime the cashier rings up my bread, milk, eggs and a couple other items then give me a total of $368.... I look at him and say "good damn! what I break?" the clerk laughed and said, "oh, your mom said you were paying for her groceries" my heart sank and my mind cleared and I announced "MOTHER FUCKER!" so I went running out of the store looking left and right trying to find the old lady... I run up the car lot and find her hurriedly loading the last of her groceries into her van, and suddenly she notices me! She hurries to the drivers side, I begin sprinting across the parking lot trying to catch her before she gets away... she starts to drive off but I'm able to get her door open and reach for her as she begins trying to steer into me and kick at me, so I grab ahold of her leg and start pulling on it, just like I am to you right now! *works best if you tell this to someone and dont tell them its a joke to begin with, make them think this was your real life experience until the punchline
What is grosser that gross? Ten naked men running around in a circle and the first one stops.
The Pope is in the back of a limo enroute to a fancy dinner... and he strikes up a conversation with the driver. They hit it off and are laughing and joking like they're old friends. Eventually the Pope says "Hey, you know what I've always wanted to do is drive a limo, but I only get to ride around in that dinky little Popemobile. Do you think you could help me out and let me drive this thing for awhile?" The driver thinks about it and grudgingly accepts his proposal. They pull over and switch places. Pope in the front, driver in the back. As soon as they're all settled in, the Pope jams on the gas and flies down the road, not even paying attention to the speed limit. He's having the time of his life until he hears the wail of a siren and the ol' red-and-blue in the rearview. He pulls over and rolls down the window. He looks sheepishly at the police officer. The officer stares, dumbfounded, for a good 10 seconds before saying, "Hang on a minute, I'm gonna check something." He jogs back to his car and calls the chief. "Hey chief... I think I just pulled over someone real important." "How important?" "Like, really, REALLY important." "Depends. Who is it?" "Well, I don't know for sure, but he's got the motherfucking Pope for a driver."
There's an armless, legless woman sitting on the beach... ... A man walks by and the woman says, "Excuse me sir, I have never been hugged before can you do me a favor and hug me?" The man being a nice fellow stops and gives the woman a hug. As the man is walking away the woman says, "Excuse me sir! I'm sorry but I have never been kissed before, can you kiss me too?" The man is irritated but still a genuine guy so he bends over and gives her a kiss. As he is walking away the woman says,"One more thing sir! I have never been fucked before, can you fuck me?" So the man walks over, picks her up, tosses her in the ocean and says; "NOW YOUR REALLY FUCKED!" EDIT: You're. For all you grammar nazis
What kind of bear dissolves in water? A polar bear.
What do you call a dinosaur who joins the band The Clash? A StayGosaurus
Have you heard about the joke about immortality... ...It never gets old.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler? Usain Bolt can finish off a race
why do pedophiles make good employers? they don't mind if you're a little behind.
Incorrect usage of the word 'Fuckin' Bob had broken his leg and his buddy Mick comes over to see him. Mick - How you doing? Bob - Fine. Hey will you do me a favor... go upstairs and get me my slippers. My feet are fuckin freezin. Mick goes up and sees Bob's hot 21 year old twin sisters lying on the bed. He tells 'em - Your brother sent me up to have sex with both of you. They say "Prove it." Mick shouts "Bob... both of them?" Bob shouts back "Of course!! Whats the point of fuckin one?"
A teacher asks her students what their parents do for a living... Jack answers, "my daddy's a scientist, and my mom is a nurse." Suzie answers, "my mommy's an architect." "And how about you, Johnny?" the teacher asks one student. Johnny looks up at her and says, "my dad works at a gay strip club. Every night, he dances in a g-string for a bunch of men, and once in a while one of the men will pay him and he'll go to the man's house for the night." The teacher, shocked, hurriedly moves the class along to the next activity. A little while later, she pulls Johnny aside while the rest of the students are working, and asks, "did you really mean that when you said your dad's a gay stripper?" Johnny looks up and says, "no, he's one of Mitt Romney's campaign managers, but that was too embarrassing to tell the whole class."
one of the funnier ones I've heard lately. A woman takes a lover home during the day while her husband is at work. Her 9 year old son comes home unexpectedly, sees them and hides in the bedroom closet to watch. The woman's husband also comes home. She puts her Lover in the closet, not realizing that the little boy is in there already. The little boy says, "Dark in here." The man says, "Yes, it is." Boy - "I have a baseball." Man - "That's nice." Boy - "Want to buy it?" Man - "No, thanks." Boy - "My dad's outside." Man - "OK, how much?" Boy - "$250" In the next few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the lover are in the closet together. Boy - "Dark in here." Man - "Yes, it is." Boy - "I have a baseball glove." The lover, remembering the last time, asks the boy, "How much?" Boy - "$750" Man - "Sold." A few days later, the father says to the boy, "Grab your glove, let's go outside and have a game of catch. The boy says, "I can't, I sold my baseball and my glove." The father asks, "How much did you sell them for?" Boy -"$1,000" The father says, "That's terrible to overcharge your friends like that. That is way more than those two things cost. I'm going to take you to church and make you confess." They go to the church and the father makes the little boy sit in the confession booth and he closes the door. The boy says, "Dark in here." The priest says, "Don't start that shit again, you're in my closet now."
What did the man in the "Race for a Cure" say to the three people beside him? "we're walking four abreast."
The Bar Challenge A man walks into a bar, sits down, and orders a beer. As the bartender is bringing his drink, he notices a large unlabeled jar full of money. His curiosity is piqued, and he asks the bartender what it's for. The bartender explains that there is an ongoing bet that no one will complete a challenge set by the owner. Whoever completes the challenge gets all of the money in the jar and an unlimited bar tab for life. The man asks what the challenge is. The bartender explains that there are three parts, the first is to chug a bottle of tequila without stopping. The second is to pull a tooth from the stray dog that hangs out in the alley outside. And the third is to fuck the resident dirty old hooker. The man ponders it over a few beers, and finally decides to try and complete the challenge. He pays the $20 entry fee, and is handed a bottle of tequila, which he manages to down without too much trouble. He then proceeds outside, and everyone in the bar hears a series of yelps and growls, and about 15 minutes later the man comes back inside, a little beat up, but still standing. The bartender points upstairs, and the man disappears. The bar is silent for a few minutes, and soon they hear the hooker screaming bloody murder. The man comes down stairs, holds up a tooth and says "I got the whore's tooth!"
Why do Asians have such small tits? Because they can only get As.
What would a world without women feel like? A pain in the arse.
For logic-based beings. !!... Who's there? Same as before.
What part of the body goes to heaven first? In Sunday school, Sister Mary asked the class: "What part of the body goes to heaven first?" In the back of the class, nasty Billy waved his hand frantically, but Sister Mary, suspecting a wrong answer, turned to another child. "Yes, Susan?" "The heart goes to heaven first because that's where God's love lives." "Excellent," said Sister Mary, "and you, Charlotte?" "The soul, Sister Mary, because that's the part that lives beyond death." "Very good, Charlotte," said the Sister, as she noticed Billy's hand still waving in desperation." "OK, Billy, what do you think?" "It's the feet that go first, Sister, the feet." "That's a strange answer Billy. Why the feet?" Billy answered, "Because I saw my mom with her feet up in the air, shouting, 'God, I'm coming, I'm coming!'"
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and balls of steel? Sparky
A rich Texan is visiting Japan.... A rich Texan businessman is visiting Japan, so he decides to hire a Japanese hooker. That night, as they're reaching the climax of the night's activities, she begins yelling, "Nagasai! Nagasai!" He obviously doesn't speak the language, so he guesses she was yelling "Yes! Yes!". The next day, the Texan goes to play golf with a group of fellow businessmen who are Japanese. On the green of one of the later holes, one of the businessmen sink a 35 foot, double breaking putt for an Eagle. Remembering the hooker from the night before, the Texan starts yelling "Nagasai! Nagasai!" The group of businessmen turn to him with faces of confusion. The man who sank the putt then says "What do you mean, 'wrong hole'?" (I heard this joke this morning on 1310 KTCK in DFW)
Family is driving... (don't know how old this but I laughed) A family is driving along the highway when all of a sudden someone throws a dildo out of their window. The dildo lands with a bang on the families windshield and everyone gets a big fright. With horror in their eyes the parents stare at each other and the father turns on the wipers, but it's too late and their son asks "Dad, what was that?". He thinks on his feet and answer "It was just a big insect, son", thinking that they would avoid an awkward conversation. The son, still puzzled answers "Damn... DID YOU SEE THE SIZE OF IT'S DICK!?"
A priest and a rabbi.... A priest and a rabbi were driving along a country road when they noticed a young boy walking. The priest turned to the rabbi and said "let's fuck him!" The rabbi replied "out of what?"
Irish man walks into a bar An Irish man walks into a bar the bartender goes, "What you havin'?" The Irsh Man says, "Nothing".
How did the hipster burn his tongue? Because he ate the pizza before it was cool.
Today was a good day! Two buddies meet up for dinner one night. And started discussing their day. "Today was awesome, went to mcdonalds, won a free big mac! Pretty awesome day all around." The other friend says, " Yea hey, i had a great day as well, went for a walk and found a girl tied up on the rail road tracks!! So i untied her, and basically rescued her, and as a reward she fucked me!!! Today was a good day." His friend stares at him in awe, and says "Wow that's amazing, did she give you a blowjob?" He replies, " No, i couldn't find her head."
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? You can't milk a cow for 11 years! . . . I totally [stole this joke] (http://www.reddit.com/r/ImGoingToHellForThis/comments/11q27p/whats_the_difference_between_911_and_a_cow/)
Alarming new research into the growing sleep epidemic Over 99% of people are now addicted to sleep, admitting they engage in sleep at least twice a week, most say they couldn't live without it
I just got a part in the movie Cocaine It only has one line.
A priest, a pedophile and a homosexual walk in to a bar... And that was just the first guy.
Drunk Irishman Paddy had been drinking at his local Dublin pub all day and most of the night celebrating St Patrick's Day. Mick, the bartender says, 'You'll not be drinking anymore tonight, Paddy'. Paddy replies, 'OK Mick, I'll be on my way then'. Paddy spins around on his stool and steps off. He falls flat on his face. 'Damn' he says and pulls himself up by the stool and dusts himself off. He takes a step towards the door and falls flat on his face, 'Damn, 'Damn !' He looks to the doorway and thinks to himself that if he can just get to the door and some fresh air he'll be fine. He belly crawls to the door and shimmies up to the door frame. He sticks his head outside and takes a deep breath of fresh air, feels much better and takes a step out onto the sidewalk and falls flat on his face. 'By'Jeebers.... I'm a little crocked,' he says. He can see his house just a few doors down, and crawls to the door, hauls himself up the door frame, opens the door and shimmies inside. He takes a look up the stairs and says 'No damn' way'. He crawls up the stairs to his bedroom door and says 'I can make it to the bed'. He takes a step into the room and falls flat on his face He says ' Damn it ' and falls into bed. The next morning, his wife, Jess, comes into the room carrying a cup of coffee and says, 'Get up Paddy. Did you have a bit to drink last night ?' Paddy says, 'I did, Jess. I was really crocked But how'd you know?' 'Mick phoned . . . you left your wheelchair at the pub.'
Two black eyes A man walks into a bar and sits down with his buddies. His buddies look up at him a notice that he now has two black eyes that he didnt have earlier. So they ask him what happened. The man explains " well i was out at the mall today and i was riding up the escalator you see, and there was a woman up infront of me. I looked her over and noticed that her skirt was visibly stuck in her buttcrack. So me, trying to be a nice guy i reach up and pulled it out for her. She turned around lookin' awful upset and punched me square in my left eye." The guys all laugh, but then one asks. "well how did you get the other black eye?" The man explains "well i figured if she was so mad that i pulled her skirt out, that maybe she wanted it there. So i poked my finger in there to put it back."
The Orchestra In an orchestra that's practicing Beethoven's Ninth for an upcoming show, there are three guys that play bass. Just down the street from the church where they practice is a small bar. Every practice there would be a break where the basses didn't play, so the basses would sneak out the back of the church and go to the bar for a drink or two, and then get back just in time to finish the show. This continued until the night of the show. While the orchestra is warming up, one bassist turns to the others and says, 'We can't sneak out again, it's the night of the show!' Another bassist replies, 'Don't worry, we can make it. I tied some string around the score so that the conductor will take time to untie it. We have even more time to drink tonight than we did at the practices!' So the basses sneak out, but have a couple drinks too many. Right as they stumble in, the conductor turns the page to reveal the string around the music. He suddenly realizes that it's the bottom of the ninth, the score is tied, and the basses are loaded. EDIT: added the 'ninth' part
Three men were patiently waiting in line to get into heaven. When they finally got to Saint Peter, the angel said to them: "We're only admitting one out of every three souls right now due to overcrowding. Whoever has the most tragic death of you three will be getting in today." Saint Peter turns to the first man and asks him how he got here. The man replies, "For a few months I've had suspicions that my wife has been cheating on me. So I took the afternoon off to try and catch her in the act. When I got home she was laying in bed naked, so I looked all around our third story apartment. The bastard wasn't anywhere to be found until I saw him hanging naked from the balcony railing! At this point I lost all control and started banging on his fingers until he fell. The lucky bastard landed in a bush and didn't die so I unplugged the fridge and pushed it over the railing to finish the job. When I calmed down I realized what I had done and took my own life due to guilt. Now here I am." Saint Peter says "Tragic indeed, although you shouldn't take the lord's judgment into your own hands" before asking the second man his story. The second man regales: "I had just gotten home from work and since it was such a nice day I decided to do my exercise on my balcony. Because I don't have any neighbors and I'm up high enough I like to exercise in the nude. I was just about done when I slipped on a jogging weight and tumbled over the railing. Luckily I caught myself on the balcony below me, and was about to start calling for help when a man comes out and starts screaming at me and smashing my fingers until I let go. Even more luck, I landed in a bush and didn't die. But before I could crawl out of the tangle I remember looking up, and a refrigerator was the last thing I saw before coming here." Saint Peter is shocked over the story, saying "Oh you poor man, a case if mistaken identity gone horribly wrong." He then turns to the third man for the final story. The man replies: "Okay. Picture me sitting naked, in a refrigerator..."
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay !!!
A CNN reporter is in Israel She see's a man praying by the Wailing Wall. She walks up to the man and begins interviewing him. "Sir, how long have you been praying here" Looking at his watch, the man replies, "I have been praying here for 60 years, 3 months, 17 days, and 3 hours" "Sir, what have you been praying for" "I have been praying for world peace, an end to hunger, an end to famine, an end to AIDS, and goodwill towards all men" The reporter then asks," Sir, how do you think its going" The man looks her straight in the eye, and says "It's like I'm tlking to a fucking wall"
An ethnically diverse group of people are doing something... An African-American, a Mexican-American, Jewish-American, and a white man are walking along the beach in Florida. One of them stumbles over a lamp and as he picks it up, a genie appears. The genie thanks them from freeing him from the lamp and offers them each a wish. The African-American says, "My native land has suffered from all the people stolen away by slavery. I wish for all my people to be returned to Africa to start a new age of African success." As he finishes speaking, poof, he is gone. The Mexican-American is inspired and says, "My native land has suffered from all the people run out by the cartels and corruption. I wish for all my people to be returned to Mexico to start a new age of Mexican success." As he finishes speaking, poof, he is gone. The Jewish-American feels the same way and says, "My native land has had my people chased out for thousands of years. I wish for all my people to be returned to Israel to start a new age of Israeli success." As he finishes speaking, poof, he is gone. The white guy is clearly taken aback with all that has happened. He says, "Let me get this straight, all the black, mexicans, and jews are gone? Lemme get a diet coke."
My girlfriend's new tattoo My girlfriend has a tattoo of seashell on the inside of her leg. When you put your ear on it, you can smell the sea!
Efficient Jokes A bunch of redditors, hanging frequently on /r/Jokes realized that all jokes were reposts. To make their lives easier, they numbered the jokes. Instead of blah-blah-Irishman-blah-blah-naked in refrigerator-blah, they just posted numbers. \- 5 Have an upvote! \- 45 Oh, that's a good one! \- 75 Hahaha! Some months later, a new redditor made it into /r/Jokes and tried to understand what was going on. He didn't understand, but he said "what the heck" to himself and posted "243". /r/Jokes went totally crazy and he got karma beyond all limits. When he got tens of thousands of upvotes - he asked \- What's happening? Why are you giving me so many upvotes? \- 243! We've never heard that one before!
I know this guy who prematurely ejaculates and he just comes out of no where...
yesterday, Judge Thompson issued the longest sentence in the Supreme Court's history, needless to say, it was run-on.
Regular Russia, not the Soviet one Ivan and Igor are standing at a bus stop in Russia. It is freezing cold and raining hard. A limo drives by and splashes icy water all over them. Ivan says to Igor, "This is a terrible place to live, I want to go to America." Igor responses, "Why do think America would be any better." Ivan stares at Igor in disbelief, "Do you know what would happen in America? If a limo drove by and splashed you, the rich man would pull over, apologize, help you into the car, take you to his home, make you nice drink, feed you dinner, let you sleep in his warm bed, and then, the next morning, he would drop you off where ever you wanted to go." Igor says, "Really? This happened to you?!" Ivan, "No, my wife."
What's strong enough for a man but made for a woman? The back of my hand.
The Pig Breeder So this farmer had been raising pigs for most of his life, minding his own business, then one day a government agent arrived to check up on him. You know, government stuff, gotta regulate the pig breeding. -So... what have you been feeding your pigs? - Inquired the agent. -Oh, you know, I give them leftover food, whatever I have at hand. -Well, then. Here is a fine for $20,000. The farmer got quite flustered, but managed to keep his cool, and through the next years managed to save up and pay off the fine. A couple of years later, the same goverment agent returns: -Still raising pigs, eh? What have you been feeding them? -Well, I'm proud to say I only serve them fresh food, hot off the oven! -I see. Then, here is a fine for $20,000. Again, the farmer dilligently saved and paid the fine. Then the government agent arrived once more. -So, what have the pigs been eating? -Well, I give them ten bucks each and let them decide! EDIT: I accidentally some line breaks
How can you make seven even? Take away the letter S.
Three cowboys are sitting around a campfire... The youngest cowboy says, "Last week, a huge bull gored 10 men on the range, but I stepped in and wrestled it to the ground with nothing but my bare hands." Not wanting to be outdone, the second cowboy says, "That's nothing. Two days ago, I was attacked by a 10-foot rattler, but I caught it in mid-strike and ripped off its head with my teeth." The third cowboy just sat there quietly, slowly stirring the coals with his penis.
Two men walk into a bar. They sit down at the bar and the first man orders a scotch and soda. The second man remembers something that he has forgotten. He clutches his middle as the terrible remembrance doubles him over in pain. He falls over off of the bar stool and a hole opens in the floor. He tumbles to the bottom of the hole. From the bottom of the hole, he looks up at the first man, but he doesn't cry out to him. They aren't that close.
How to describe Mitt Romney in two sentences. I stand by what I said, whatever it is that I said. I deny saying that, whatever it is that I said.
Golfing Assasin Two men had a tee time, and were about to get started when a man approached them, said he was alone and asked if he could join them. The two men agreed. Making small talk, the subject of their professions came up. After the first two described their boring desk jobs, the third man said "I'm a killer for hire. I'm one of the best in the business, I charge $10,000 a shot." The first two men looked incredulous, so the third man reached into his golf bag, and produced a sniper rifle, and watched the mens' jaws drop. "This thing has incredible range, I can aim from miles away." One of the men asked "Wow, my house is pretty close by, I wonder if I can see it from here." The assassin hands him the gun, and he holds it up in the direction of his house. His lip curls and his face turns red as he witnesses through the scope his wife in their bedroom with his next-door neighbor. "I can't believe that cheating whore and my doublecrossing bastard neighbor" "Well... I am an assassin..." "Alright, I want you to shoot my neighbor in the dick, since he couldn't keep it in his pants, and I want you shoot my wife in her stupid lying mouth." The assassin agrees, takes back his gun and lines up the shot. He waits... and waits... and waits... "What the hell is taking you so long!?!? you said you were good at this." "Give me a second, I'm about to save you $10,000 dollars."
A sober Irishman arrives goes home after work... That's it.
Guy walks into a bar... and notices that theres a big jar of money on the counter. he asks the bartender "Why's that jar of money here?" the Bartender replies "Well, you put all the money in you wallet into the jar, then there are three tasks you have to preform. If you complete all the tasks, you get all of the money." the man agrees, and asks what the tasks are. "first you have to chug a bottle of tequila, next you have to go out back and you'll find a pit bull with a sore tooth, pull the tooth and bring it back in. Finally, theres a old lady upstairs who's still a virgin, go show her a good time" "simple enough" the man says he chugs the bottle of tequila with little difficulty, then stumbles out back. the bartender hears some wrestling and some growling, then nothing, then some more wrestling. a few minutes later, the man stumbles back in, walks up to the bartender and says "Okay I'm done with the dog, now where's that old lady with the sore tooth?"
While watching Hangover 2 the other day, I say to my friend, "I wonder where they're going in the third one?" "Straight to DVD."
oh sally Why did sally fall off the swing? Because she had no arms Knock Knock Who's there? NOT SALLY!
243 [Slightly NSFW] You asked for it :D Edit: Holy hell this one actually got some attention.
243 http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/11rg19/efficient_jokes/
A genie asked me if I wanted a good memory or a big penis. Guy: A genie asked me if I wanted a good memory or a big penis. Friend: What did you choose? Guy: I don't remember.
Sexual Urges I never quite figured out why the sexual urge of men and women differ so much. And I never have figured out the whole Venus and Mars thing. I have never figured out why men think with their head and women with their heart. FOR EXAMPLE: One evening last week, my girlfriend and I were getting into bed. Well, the passion starts to heat up, and she eventually says "I don't feel like it, I just want you to hold me." I said "WHAT??!! What was that?!" So she says the words that every boyfriend on the planet dreads to hear... "You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man". She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?" Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The very next day I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, big unnamed department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several different very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said lets get a pair for each outfit. We went onto the jewelry department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. Let me tell you...she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a shipwreck. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn't even know how to play tennis. I think I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey". She was almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation she finally said, "I think this is all dear, let's go to the cashier". I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No honey, I don't feel like it". Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled "WHAT?". I then said "honey! I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman." And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?". Apparently I'm not having sex tonight either.
An Irishman... An Irishman walks out of a bar.
What did the mommy broom say to the baby broom? Time to go to sweep.
Used to be a twin I used to be a twin. My mother has a picture of me when I was two.
An Irishman walks out of a bar
What do you call... What do you call a dwarf who sells prosthetic limbs? A small arms dealer.
I used to be the 2nd best boxer in North America... I boxed in over 100 matches and always came 2nd
Jewish jokes. 1: How do you pick up a Jewish girl? - A dustpan 2: How do you get a Jewish girl's number? - Roll up her sleeve.
I heard that Al Qaeda recently received substantial financial aid from an unknown person in South Korea. It seems the terrorists have Won.
A Man walks into a dentist's office. A man walks into an all night emergency dentist's office at 2AM and says "Hi. How are you?" The Dentist says, "Can I help you? Do you have an emergency?" The guy says, "Nope. I don't need a dentist, I'm a moth." The Dentist says, "A moth? Sounds like you need a psychiatrist. What are you even doing in here?" The guy says, "The light was on."
Why do witches go commando when riding around on their brooms? Better grip. Happy Halloween :)
I told I girl I'm going to rape her... she took it pretty well.
I have a fear of speed bumps but I'm slowly getting over it.
Why was the little ink blot so unhappy? Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be.
Reddit, what is your favorite Limerick? One of my favorites seems a perfect starter. ^_^ There once was a [person] from [place] Whose [body part] was [special case]. When [event] would occur, It would cause [him or her] To violate [law of time/space]
How many paranoids does it take to screw in a light bulb? Who wants to know? .... saw this joke in today's [Get Fuzzy]( http://www.gocomics.com/getfuzzy/2012/10/18)
Sober Irishman
"I can't believe you slept with her!" "Well, we were both drunk, and..." "But I thought you don't drink?" "It's true, but she was drunk enough for the both of us."
Felony v. Misdemeanor what is the difference between a felony and a misdemeanor -A misdemeanor is when you steal someone's shoes -A felony is when you steal someone's child *read this somewhere, but really can not recall where*
A sewer worker So a man has been working in the sewers his whole life, but he's ready to retire, but he has to train a replacement first. The first day in the sewer with his soon-to-be replacement, the old man tells the guy about how long hes worked in the sewer, he says "son, I've worked in these sewers so long, i know what every ones poop looks like." the young man says "I don't believe you" and points to a long thin turd floating along, and says "who's is that?" the old man says :that's the jew that owns the bookstore, he's a real tightass, but that's easy, try another one" the young man points to a fat curly turd, and says "who's is that?" the old man says "that's the gay guy who works in the sex shop, he's into kinky stuff, but that's easy too, try again" so the young man points to a perfectly normal turd, and says "okay, what about that one" the old man says "that's my wife's" "how do you know?" the young man says, the old man replies, "you see the two sandwiches tied to it?"
Cats and Dogs Years ago, when your cat died, it was always something simple... They would always be "hit by a car" or in some cases, your dog went to "the farm" But just a few days ago, my friend told me his cat died of AID'S. I said "Dude, I didn't even know your cat was gay!"
Thanksgiving Dinner Thanksgiving dinner and all of the family is around. A little boy wonders upstairs and stumbles upon his dad shaving. His dad slips shaving and cuts himself and exclaims "Shit!" The little asks "Daddy what does that mean?" The father replies " Oh, it is just means the shaving cream, that's all. No run along" He wonders downstairs and stumbles upon his Mom and his Grandpa playing cards. The grandpa loses and yells "You Bitch!" The little boy inquires "Grandpa what does that mean?" Grandpa replies "It is just a term used for playing cards, now run along." He wonders into the kitchen and sees his grandma carving the turkey and she slips and cuts her self and shouts "Fuck!" The little boy inquires "Grandma what does that mean?" She replies " It is just an expression for cutting the turkey" The door bell rings and the little boys answers it and it is his aunt and uncle. He answers the door and proceeds to tell them what everyone is doing. "Hi, my dad is upstairs putting shit on his face, my mom is downstairs bitching to my grandpa, and grandma is in the kitchen fucking the turkey!"
What are the most racist jokes you know? There were 3 car accidents in Mexico 70 people died. What do you call a bunch of black people in a swimming pool? Coco puffs.
Loyal wife This woman's husband had been slipping in and out of a coma for several months, yet she had stayed by his bedside every single day. One day, when he came to, he motioned for her to come nearer. As she sat by him, he whispered, eyes full of tears, "You know what? You have been with me through all the bad times. When I got fired you were there to support me. When my business failed, you were there. When I got shot, you were by my side. When we lost the house, you stayed right here. When my health started failing, you were still by my side... You know what?" "What dear", she gently asked, smiling as her heart began to fill with warmth. "I think you're bad luck."
Irish hooker An Irishman was walking home late at night and sees a woman in the dark shadows. 'Twenty pounds,' she whispers. Paddy had never been with a hooker before, but decides what the hell, it's only twenty pounds. So they hid in the bushes. They're going 'at it' for a minute when all of a sudden a light flashes on them. It is a Police Officer. 'What's going on here, people?' asks the cop. 'I'm making love to me wife,' Paddy answers sounding annoyed. 'Oh, I'm sorry,' says the cop, 'I didn't know.' 'Well, neither did I, til ya shined that bloody light in her face!'
Religious jokes can be funny A Jewish man goes to his neighbor and tells him that his son ran away and became a Christian. The neighbor replies, "You know, it's funny you say that. A little while ago my son did the same." At that, they both went to the local rabbi to ask for guidance. When they tell the rabbi their stories, the rabbi thinks for a moment and says, "You know, it's funny you say that. A few years ago my son did the same. we should all pray and ask God for divine guidance." They started praying when suddenly God's voice came down saying, "You know, It's funny you say that..."
To get in the deer hunting spirit For the past 20 years ten of my closest friends have been spending deer season in the same camp in the UP (Upper Peninsula). This year one of the members got married; worse yet, his brother in law wanted to join the camp. The problem was the brother in law was a FIB (fucking Illinois bastard). Three days into the season, everyone in the camp was fed up and looking for a way to discourage the FIB from coming back. That night the FIB asked, "where the hell do you take a shit around here, I can't find a bathroom anywhere." While everyone else found this ignorance annoying, I saw it as an opportune time to teach the FIB a lesson. When the FIB went out in the woods to take a shit, I snuck up behind him a dumped the deer guts from earlier in the day under his ass. I then snuck back into the camp and told the other what I had done. I then instructed them to all keep a straight face when the FIB came back. As we sat there, ten minutes passed; then twenty, and finally an entire hour. At this point we started to get concerned. Before we went and checked on him though, the FIB came bursting through the door. He was beet red, sweating profusely, and looked terrified. At this point everyone in the camp in dying from holding back laughter; but the best is yet to come. When he opened the door he said, "guys, you are never going to believe what happened to me out there." Somehow holding the laughter I asked him what. He responded, "Well I somehow managed to actually shit me guts out, but by the grace of God and the help of this stick that I found, I was able to put them all back in."
Dark Jokes? What's worse than 18 dead babies in a bucket? 1 baby in 18 different buckets. What's the difference between a Ferrari and a pile of dead babies? I dont have a Ferrari in my Garage. EDIT: They don't have to be about dead babies
How was your trip to Israel? This month they had Sukkot (the festival of tabernacles) It was pretty "in tents".
A man and his wife are driving home one night... when a cop pulls them over. As they're sitting there waiting, the man realizes he doesn't have his seat belt on and nonchalantly puts it on before the cop walks up. "Do you know why I pulled you over" the cop asks. "No officer" the man replies. "You were driving without a seat belt." "You must be mistaken officer, I had my seat belt on, see!" They go back and forth about whether the seat belt was on for a few minutes, getting gradually more heated. The cop then leans down and says to the woman "Was this man driving without his seat belt?" The woman replies "Officer, after forty years of marriage to this man, I have learned one thing. Never argue with him when he's drunk!"
A pregnant woman from Virginia was involved in a car accident... A pregnant woman from Virginia was involved in a car accident and, while in the hospital, she fell into a coma. When she awoke days later, the woman noticed that she was no longer carrying a child, and asked, "Doc, what happened to my baby!" The doctor replied, "Ma'am, you've had twins! You're the proud mother of a handsome baby boy and a beautiful baby girl. Also, you should know that while you were in a coma, your brother named the children for you." "Oh, no!" shrieked the woman. "Not my brother! He's not really all together, if you know what I mean!" The doctor replied, "Well, ma'am, your brother named your daughter Denise." "Oh, that's not so bad," smiled the woman. Then, hesitantly, she asked, "What's the boy's name?" The doctor grinned and said, "Denephew."
How do you make holy water? Boil the hell out of it!
Cheese Sandwich. Guy walks into a bar, sees a sign behind the counter that says: "Cheese Sandwich - $5; Handjob - $10." Guy takes a seat, and looks at the woman tending the bar and asks, "'Scuse me, ma'am, but are you the lady who gives the handjobs around here?" She smiles at him with a lusty look and replies, "Why yes sir, I am," leaning across the bar towards him. Guy leans in a little closer, smiles, slaps a $5 bill on the counter and says, "Well, wash them hands and fix me a cheese sandwich."
there was a little girl One day a little girl asked her dad if she could take a shower with him, the dad said, "Yes, but don't look up." Then they got in the shower and she looked up. "Daddy whats that?" "Thats my ferrarri." Then the next day she asks her mom the same question and her mom says "Yes, but don't look up." Then they got in the shower and the little girl looks up. "Mommy, what's that?" "Thats my parking garage sweety." Then the next day the little girl asks he parents if she could sleep in their bed that night. Her parents said, "Yes, but don't go under the covers." Then that night the little girl goes under the covers and she hears her dad say "Honey can you put my ferrarri in your moms parking garage?" "Daddy, thats my parking garage!"
My Homecoming Dance I was at my homecoming dance when I noticed a kid in the corner looking miserable. Feeling bad, I went over there and asked him what was wrong? He responded that no one would ever want to dance with him because of his wooden eye. Upon hearing this, I made it my mission to find the boy a dancing partner. After a couple minutes of looking, I found a girl crying out in the hallway. When I asked her what was wrong she said hat no would dance with her because of her hair lip. I then went back to the boy with the wooden eye. In a couple of minutes I was able to get him to work up the courage to ask the girl to dance. As he approached her I felt pretty good about myself; that is until I heard what happened next. The boy asked the obviously excited girl to dance. She was so thrilled she responded, "Would I, Would I!" The boy responded "Hair Lip, Hair Lip" and stormed away.
I heard that Yoga class was a great place to meet women So I went every day for three months. Bad news is I didn't meet a girl. Good news is I can now give myself a blowjob.
What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon? Kermit the Frog's finger
A redneck walks into a bar with a huge pile of shit in his hands... and says,"Hey, look what I almost stepped in."
Why do indie kids suck at karate? They never got past the white belt.
Skeleton: an oldie but a goodie! Why didn't the skelton cross the road? (Answer in comments so you can fully appreciate the joke)
Did you know, the cave where Jesus was resurrected... contained a large quantity of hydrating body lotion? He was moist-jew-rising.
What's a gangsta say when a house falls on him? Get off me, homes!
A woman recently got oak breast implants... ...this joke would probably be better if it had a punchline, wooden tit.
A good rule to live by Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
This Texan walks a bar and taps an Irishman on the shoulder... This Texan walks a bar and taps an Irishman on the shoulder. He says, "I hear tell you Irishmen are hard drinkers. Well, I'll bet you ten bucks ya'll can't do this." The guy orders ten beers, then gulps them all down, one after the other. When he's finished, he turns to the Irishman and says, "Try that." Instead, the Irishman gets up and runs out of the bar. The Texan laughs and considers himself the winner. Fifteen minutes later, the Irishman walks back into the bar, taps the Texan on the shoulder, and asks, "Hey, pal, that bet o' yours still stand?" The Texan shrugs and says, "Sure." So the Irishman orders ten beers and immediately slams them all down. While the Texan forks over the money, he says, "You know, I thought ya'll were runnin' out on the bet. How come you left?" The Irishman says, "Oh, I wasn't sure I could do it, so I went to another pub to practice first."
What's a wolf's favorite breakfast food? A wolffle.
In the bad old days on the Soviet Union, a dissident published a pamphlet in which he openly said Stalin was a fool. Sure enough, the man was arrested days later for this crime. So, the dissident went to court and said "I'm innocent and want to defend myself! What I said was truthful - I did not commit libel!" The judge said to him "you don't understand - you're not being charged for libel, you're being charged with revealing a state secret." -heard on an Intelligence Squared debate.
Brush yo teeth... A 2nd grade teacher decides to teach sex ed. to her class. She starts out by drawing a penis on the chalk board and asks the class, "Does anyone know what this is?" And little Johnny says, "Yes, my dad has 2 of them!" And the teacher says, "Are you sure about that?" And little Johnny says, "Yes, he uses a small skinny one to go to the bathroom, and a big long one to brush the babysitter's teeth."
Lately people have been trying to get me to jump off a dock But I don't give into pier pressure.
Why wrap a hampster in scotch tape... so it doesn't pop when you fuck it!
A guy was at a bar A guy was at the bar, staring into his beer. Thinking how could you do it. How could you sleep with one of your patients. He kept telling himself it doesn't matter. He finally told himself it doesn't matter your still the best vet in town.
What's the definition of Embarrassing? Running into a wall with a erection and your nose touches the wall first.
What do you call redditors when they get STDs The HIVmind
Gay Necrophelia "well I don't see anything wrong with gay necrophelia," said bob, in dead earnest.
I lost fifty pounds... Unfortunately, I was in England at the time.
What's the difference between anal sex and regular sex? Regular sex can make your night, but anal sex can make your hole weak.
Out of all the things that go bump in the night... your parent's bed is definitely the scariest
What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe? Fur traders.... Zing!!
Did you hear about the new Obama Healthcare Burrito? You don't find out whats in it until you pass it...
A fly over a stream. [Dirty Joke] One day, in a peaceful forest, a fly buzzed over a stream. In the stream, a salmon was swimming, and it looked up and saw the fly. It thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, I'd be able to jump up, catch it, and I'd have myself something to eat." Alongside the stream, a bear was standing. The bear looked at the fly, and thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, that salmon would jump up to catch it, and I could jump out, snag that salmon, and I'd have myself something to eat." Across the stream, up a steep slope, a hunter was hidden in the brush. The hunter looked at the fly, and thought to himself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, that salmon would jump up to catch it, the bear would jump up to catch the salmon, and I could jump up, shoot the bear, and I'd have myself a new trophy." Hidden in the grass behind the hunter was a mouse. The mouse looked at the fly, and thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, the salmon would jump up to catch it, the bear would jump up to catch the salmon, the hunter would jump up to shoot the bear, the sandwich in the hunter's pocket would fall out, and I'd have myself something to eat." A bit higher up the slope, on a jutting rock, sat a pussy cat. The pussy cat looked down at the fly, and thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, the salmon would jump up to catch it, the bear would jump up to catch the salmon, the hunter would jump up to shoot the bear, the sandwich in the hunter's pocket would fall out, the mouse would hop over to get the sandwich, I could leap down on it, and I'd have myself something to eat." At that moment, the fly dropped down about a half an inch. The salmon leapt up and caught the fly, the bear leapt out and snagged the salmon, the hunter jumped up and shot the bear, the mouse hopped out and started to eat the hunter's sandwich, and the pussy cat leapt down to catch the mouse...but it missed. It rolled down the slope, and fell into the stream. Moral of the Story: A lot of things have to happen to get a pussy wet. EDIT: Just want to say to everyone, thanks for all the comments and upvotes (and downvotes) too bad its a self post, thats the most upvotes i've ever gotten haha EDIT 2: WOW, front page, i can't believe it
Barber Shop One day at a local barber shop a priest went in to get his hair cut. After he finished he asks the barber how much he owes him for the haircut. The barber politely responds with "For you, it is free of charge. Think of it as my way of giving back to my religion". The priest is very thankful and leaves. The next day the barber arrives to his shop and find 12 prayer cards on the doorstep from the priest in repayment for the kind act. That very same day a police officer comes into the shop to get his haircut. After he is finished he asks the barber the same question and the barber says "For you, it is free of charge. Think of it as my way of giving back to my community". The police officer is also very grateful and leaves. The next day the barber returns to find 12 doughnuts on his doorstep in repayment for the free haircut. Around 3 o'clock on that day a United States Senator comes in for his haircut. After he is finished he asks the barber how much he owes him and says "This one will be free, think of it as my way of giving back to my country". The next day the barber arrives at his shop and is astonished to see 12 U.S. senators waiting at his doorstep.
Almost that time of year, again. Deer gun season, or as the deer call it, the annual holocaust.
Why can't you purchase minerals by the gallon? They only come in quarts(z)
Why do Canadians call alcohol anonymous triple A? AA, Eh
What did one condom say to the other at a gay bar? Let's get shitfaced!
Pythagoras walks into a bar... ...muttering, 'If a right-angled triangle has a short side, X, a long side, Y, and hypotenuse, Z, then the square of Z must be equal to the sum of the square of X and the square of, erm... uh...' The barman says, 'Y, the long face?'
Are there any 6 foot penguins round here? Asked the stranger who just pulled up wih his truck outside a bar. "No" the barkeep replied. "Well fuck," he said, "I guess I just ran over a nun..."
Three Guys Are Getting Ready For Their Dates The first guy pops a breath mint for his date so his breath smells good. Then the second guy starts chewing some gum so his breath smells good. Then the last guy starts eating onions and garlic. The others say "Don't you want to have nice smelling breath for your date?" "Nah" he says, "The lips I'm kissing tonight already stink."
Cannibals One day 3 men were walking through a deep forest unimaginably lost. Out of no where they are jumped by a group of cannibals who knock them out and drag them to their camp. When they come to they are surrounded by the cannibals and their king. The king tells to them that they will be allowed to leave only if they can pass the trials that they have set for them. So the men agree to take the trials. The first trial is for the men to go out into the forest and find 10 of the same fruit. They are also warned that if they try to escape they will be immediately eaten. Sounding easy enough the men agree and venture off to find their fruit. About 10 minutes later the first man returns holding an armful of 10 apples. The king says to him very good and for the second trial he would have to shove all 10 of them up his asshole or he will be eaten alive. He is also told that he is not allowed to make any facial expression whatsoever. The man starts off and manages to get an entire apple up his asshole but on the second one he winces in pain and is killed. 5 minutes later, the second man returns with a bushel of berries. The king tells him the same thing he told the first man. The second man starts up and gets 9 berries through his asshole but out of nowhere he bursts out in laughter and is unfortunately killed. The two men meet up in heaven and the first man say "what the hell man?! you had all 10 easily why did you laugh?" The second man responds "I know I know, i was doing so well and I was almost free but then out of nowhere the third guy turned up holding all those watermelons!!"
A helicopter crashes in a graveyard... the police recovered 300 bodies.
2 "black" questions that aren't racist. What's black and sits at the top of the stairs? Stephen Hawking in a house fire. What's black and screaming? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
simple joke (but dirty) what's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator? a fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out
How do you find Will Smith when he's lost in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.
so 3 men and 1 woman stranded on an island... with no hopes of getting away they try to make the best out of their fate and decide to have sex. the woman refuses, because she doesn't want to take all 3 men at once. so they have an agreement, saying that each man is allowed to have sex with the woman for one week until they hand her to the next men. this 'circle of sex' works pretty well and everyone is happy, until the woman gets ill and dies. the first month was okay for the 3 men. month 2 was getting pretty tough but they kept going. month 5 was very very hard for all of them, but they still stayed hard. finally in month 6 they decided to bury the woman...
A researcher carrying out a phone survey on marital sex... phoned one of the participants to check on a discrepancy. He asked the husband: "In response to the question on frequency of intercourse, you answered 'once a week,' but your wife answered 'several times a night.'" "That's correct," said the husband. "And that's the way it's going to be until the mortgage is paid off."
Two brothers decide they're old enough to start cursing So one morning little six year old Johny grabs his little 4 year old brother Jimmy and pulls him into the closet under the stairs. Johny- "Jimmy, I think it's time we started cursing. I'm going to say, DAMN." Jimmy - "Yeah yeah yeah, damn! Damn!" Johny- "No Jimmy you need your own curse word. Yours should be, bet your ass." Jimmy - "Yeah yeah yeah, bet your ass! Bet your ass!" Later in the morning the boys sit down for breakfast. Their mother turns to Jimmy and asks what he wants for breakfast.. Johny - "I'm going to have some damn Cheerios!" Johny's mother, in shock, slaps him right out of his chair. She then turns to Jimmy and angrily asks what he wants for breakfast.. Jimmy - "Well you can bet your ass I don't want any Cheerios" __________________________ Sorry if the structure isn't that great I can tell this joke fine in person but it was hard to put into words. You get the idea though. Play around with it.
Profound (And Deep) Jokes A manager at Goldman Sachs has this to tell. Once upon a time in a village, a man announced to the villagers that he would buy monkeys for Rs 10. The villagers, seeing that there were many monkeys around, went out to the forest and started catching them. The man bought thousands at Rs 10 and as supply started to diminish, the villagers stopped their effort. He further announced that he would now buy at Rs 20. This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again. Soon the supply diminished even further and people started going back to their farms. The offer rate increased to Rs 25 and the supply of monkeys became so little that it was an effort to even see a monkey, let alone catch it! The man now announced that he would buy monkeys at Rs 50! However, since he had to go to the city on some business, his assistant would now buy on behalf of him. In the absence of the man, the assistant told the villagers, "Look at all these monkeys in the big cage that the man has collected. I will sell them to you at Rs 35 and when the man returns from the city, you can sell it to him for Rs 50." The villagers squeezed up with all their savings and bought all the monkeys. Then they never saw the man nor his assistant, only monkeys everywhere! Welcome to 'Goldman Sachs'! **Continued in the Comments**
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car? In a police car, the pricks are on the inside.
What's the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my cock into your ass!
I don't like playing Uno with Mexicans... They always steal the green cards ...
Story of the joke funnier than the joke. I used to work with this crazy Vietnamese jeweler who was always asking to tell him jokes. One day I remembered one I saw in Playboy many years ago... A guy is driving home from work and realizes that when fooling around with his secretary, she had given him a hickey on his neck. His mind starts racing about how he will explain the mark to his wife. He's got nothing. He pulls into the driveway, gets out of his car and he has no idea how to explain this away. He's fucked. He opens the front door to his house and the family German Shepherd runs down the stairs, knocks him to the ground and starts licking him all over his face. AHA! His wife comes to the top of the stairs in her bathrobe and the guy jumps up from under the dog. "Honey! Look at what the damn dog did to my neck!" She looks at him for a second, then opens her robe and says "yeah, and look at what he did it my tits!" The Vietnamese jeweler looks at me with blank eyes. He doesn't get it. Finally he starts cracking up. "Oh shit! That's a good one! He thinks he getting away with something, meanwhile she at home getting it on with the dog! That funny!" I didn't tell him many jokes after that.
For my cake day, a joke... Harry answers the telephone, and it's an Emergency Room doctor. The doctor says, "Your wife was in a serious car accident, and I have bad news and good news. The bad news is she has lost all use of both arms and both legs, and will need help eating and going to the bathroom for the rest of her life." Harry says, "My God. What's the good news?" The doctor says, "I'm kidding. She's dead."
What did the dad buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison
Putt Putt Four men are out playing golf one afternoon. The contest is getting close and it all comes down to a 40 foot putt that Frank must sink in one shot. He stands there, lining up his shot when a funeral procession starts rolling by on the street behind them. Frank pauses, pulls his hat off and places it above his heart for the next 90 seconds until the procession passes by. "Frank," says one of the other golfers, "I had no idea you were so reverent." "Hell" says Frank, "it's the least I could do after 25 years of marriage."
Ghosts A professor at UCSB is giving a seminar on the supernatural. To get a feel for his audience, he asks: "How many people here believe in ghosts?" About 90 students raise their hands. "Well that's a good start. Out of those of you who believe in ghosts, how many of you've actually seen a ghost?" About 40 students raise their hands. "That's good. I'm glad you take this seriously. Has anyone here ever talked to a ghost?" 15 students raise their hands. "That's a great response. Has anyone here ever touched a ghost?" Three students raise their hands. "That's fantastic. But let me ask you one question further.....Have any of you ever made love to a ghost?" One student in the back raises his hand. The professor is astonished. He takes off his glasses, takes a step back, and says, "Son, all the years I've been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have slept with a ghost. You've got to come up here and tell us about your experience." The redneck student replies with a nod and a grin, and begins to make his way up to the podium. The professor says, "Well, tell us what it's like to have sex with a ghost." The student replies, "Ghost? Damn..... From back there I thought you said 'goats'!"
Who cooks in a lesbian relationship? No one, they both eat out.
Why don't blind people go sky diving? It freaks out the dogs!
Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses only the highest-quality ingredients.
2 Fish were in a tank... One fish says to the other, "Hey who's driving this thing?"
Did you hear about the new toilet upstairs? That's some next level shit
A drunk man stumbles around downtown.. and he is approached by a cop. The cop says, "Excuse me sir, where are you going?" The drunk replies with a slurred "I'm just looking for my car, but I can't find it. I think someone took it." "Well where was the last place you saw it?" The drunk says "Right here on the the end of this key" and hold up his car keys. The cop goes to arrest the man but stops when he notices the drunk's zipper is down. He says "Sir do you know your fly is down?" The drunk looks down and exclaims "Shit they got my girlfriend too!"
The bartender asks him what he'd like to drink. A time traveler walks into a bar.
A Halloween joke for you. Little Johnny is out trick or treating on Halloween dressed as a pirate. He walked up to a house and said "trick or treat". The little old lady just gushed over his costume. She says to Johnny, "What a cute costume, but let me ask you....Where are your buccaneers?" Little Johnny says back, "They're under my buckin hat lady."
Why is it a bad idea to wear tiny shorts on a Ukranian holiday? Chernobyl fallout.
I wanted to shave my testicles... But I didn't have the balls.
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb? Such number as may be deemed to perform the stated task in a timely and efficient manner within the strictures of the following agreement: Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "The Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "The Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the Light Bulb shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front door, through the entry way. The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps: 1.) The party of the first part (Lawyer) shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, rotate the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a counter-clockwise direction, said direction being non-negotiable. Said rotation of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be undertaken by the party of the first part (Lawyer) with every possible caution by the party of the first part (Lawyer) to maintain the structural integrity of the party of the second part (Light Bulb), notwithstanding the afore-mentioned failure of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) to perform the aforementioned customary and agreed upon duties. The foregoing notwithstanding, however, both parties agree that structural failure of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) may be incidental to the aforementioned failure to perform and in such case the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall be held blameless for such structural failure as long as this agreement is concerned so long as the non-negotiable rotation (counter-clockwise) is observed by the party of the first part (Lawyer) throughout. 2.) Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part (Light Bulb) becomes separated from the party of the third part ("Receptacle"), the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local and federal statutes. 3.) Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of beginning installation of the party of the fourth part("New Light Bulb"). This installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self- same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, said direction also being non-negotiable. NOTE: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (Lawyer), by said party of the first part (Lawyer), by his heirs and assigns, or by any and all persons authorized by him to do so, the objective being to produce a level of illumination in the immediate vicinity of the aforementioned front door consistent with maximization of ingress and revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as "The Firm".
Three vampires just casually sitting on a bench at 02.00 am. They all get hungry and the first one leaves them to find some fresh blood. He returns after 30 minutes with some blood dripping from his chin. "Where have you been?" The other two vampires ask. "Do you see that light over there?" he asks them. "Yes" the others reply. "There's a crazy college party there, everybody drunk as fuck. Pretty easy for me to suck some blood out of the drunken college dudes" After a while the next vampire leaves the group and returns after 15 minutes with a lot of blood dripping from his mouth and chin. "Where have you been? The other two vampires ask. "Do you see that light over there?"  "Yes" the others reply. "There's this huge wedding there, everybody drunk as fuck. It was really easy for me to suck some blood out of the groom and the guests. The third vampire leaves the group and returns after 2 minutes, his face literally full of blood. "Where have you been?" "Do you see that wall over there?"  "Yes" the others reply. "Well I didn't see it"
How many PMSing women does it take to change a lightbulb? Six. Why? It just does! OKAY!
Ambivalent Request A man and his wife are enjoying a glass of wine around the kitchen table when the man suddenly requests of his wife to, "Tell me something that will make me happy and sad at the same time". The wife thinks for a moment, and responds "Your dick is bigger than your brother's."
How does a mom in West Virginia know her daughter is on her period? Her son's dick taste weird
A batty Halloween joke A young African boy was playing one day, when he was eaten by a lion. When he got to heaven, St. Peter met him at the pearly gates and bestowed wings upon him. The little boy's eyes shined with joy. He looked up and asked "Am I am angel?" St. Peter shook his head and laughed. "Nah nigga, you a bat."
What do you call a pall-bearer in Oklahoma? a Karaoke
Reddit is down? Now where will 9gag get all of its content?
Want to hear a sports joke? Lance Armstrong
Little Johnny #71 During a class on good manners and etiquette being held for young children, the teacher says to her students: "If you were courting a well educated young girl from a prominent family and during a dinner for two you needed to go to the toilet, what would you say to her?" Little Mike replies: "Wait a minute, I'm going for a piss." The teacher says: "That would be very rude and improper on your part." Little Charlie chimes in with his attempt: "I'm sorry I need to go to the toilet, I'll be back in a minute." The teacher says: "That's much better but to mention the word "toilet" during a meal, is unpleasant." Little Johnny says: "My dear, please excuse me for a moment. I have to go shake hands with a personal friend with whom I hope to be able to introduce to you after dinner."
I hate tacos! Said no Juan ever.
I used to be into necrophilia, S&amp;M, and Bestiality... Then i realized i was beating a dead horse. *i'll let myself out*
127 MILLION? How are there 127 million subscribers when the Reddit population is WAY LESS????
What do you make with an Avogadro? Guaca-MOL-e
What do i look like? A newlywed couple moves into their new house. One day the husband comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, you know, in the upstairs bathroom one of the pipes is leaking, could you fix it?" The husband says, "What do I look like, Mr. Plumber?" A few days go by, and he comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, the car won't start. I think it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?" He says: "What do I look like, Mr. Goodwrench?" Another few days go by, and it's raining pretty hard. The wife finds a leak in the roof. She says, "Honey, there's a leak on the roof! Can you please fix it?" He says, "What do I look like, Bob Vila?" The next day the husband comes home, and the roof is fixed. So is the plumbing. So is the car. He asks his wife what happened. "Oh, I had a handyman come in and fix them," she says. "Great! How much is that going to cost me?" he snarls. Wife says: "Nothing. He said he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or slept with him." "Uh, well, what kind of cake did you make?" asks the husband. "What do I look like," she says, "Betty Crocker?"
So a bunch of lesbians are running in a race... So a bunch of lesbians are running in a race, and a bunch of gay guys are running in a race, Who's winning? The lesbians; they're all running lickity split, and the gay guys are poking behind.
I wanted to be a banker But then I lost interest.
Why does it suck to be a black Jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
So can we do something together? I know this isn't a joke but I'm sick and tired of how ridiculous some of the comments on this subreddit. Case and point read through some of the comments on the Michael j fox joke and you'll realize how stupid some of the people commenting are. I understand that the downvotes should take care of this but it would be better if they weren't even in existence. Thanks for reading.
Want to hear a clean joke? How about a dirty one as well? Want to hear a clean joke? Bob took a bath. With Bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? (Punchline hidden so you don't accidentally read) [Bubbles was the neighbor's horse.](/spoiler)
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? You really think feminists will ever change anything?
A blonde takes her goldfish to the vet... And she tells the receptionist that she needs to see the vet right away. So the vet comes out and the blonde woman tells him that he has been having seizures. The vet looked the fish over and said "Well, he looks okay to me," and the blonde replies "No, no, you've got to take him out of the water first!"
Three men go skiing When the get to their ski cabin after a long day of skiing the find that there is only one large bed in the room They dont mind as it is big enough for all three of them. The next day the guy on one side tells them "Guys i had a dream where i had a handjob" the guy on the other side said "Wow i had the same dream" The guy in the middle says "oh well i had a dream where i went skiing
There was a father with three daughters... The first daughter came up to him and said, "Dad, why is my name daisy?" He replies, "because when you were born a daisy fell on your head." The second daughter comes up to him and asks the same, "Dad, why is my name lily?" "When you were born, a lily pad fell on your head." The third daughter walks up to him and says, "MAUUUNGUNNFFFAUUUUUUU!" "Shut up Brick!"
I'm absolutely incredible in bed. In fact, yesterday I slept 15 hours.
Why do asian parents give their children short names? More time on tests.
A woman bought her husband an anniversary gift.. A woman goes to a pet shop to get a pet for her husband for their anniversary. The shopkeeper asks "Hi, what can I do for you?" The woman explains she wants to buy her husband a pet for her anniversary. The shopkeeper says, "Well, I have this parrot that can speak pretty well" The woman declines and asks "Well... what else do you have?" "Well I have a dog who will get you the paper everyday." Explains the shopkeeper. The woman says "No I dont think he would want to walk the dog everyday, what else?" "In the back I have a frog that gives blowjobs" He says The woman is pleased "That's perfect! I can get a good nights sleep without having to give him blowjobs at night" So the woman gives the gift to her husband and explains what the frog can do. That night, the woman slept very well only to wake up in the middle of the night to hear pots and pans downstairs. She goes downstairs to see her husband pulling pots and pans from the cabinets. "What on earth are you doing!?" She proclaims To which her husband responds "If I can teach this thing to cook, you're out of here!"
How does Sean Connery ask for Worchestershire sauce? (x-post from askreddit) Worsheshershershosh.
A man gets bitten by a poisonous snake.. A man and his friend is walking in the desert when suddenly his friend is bit by a poisonous snake directly in the penis. The man says to his friend, "Don't worry I'll run into town and get help, I'll be right back!" The man gets into town and finds the local doctor and asks "My friend was just bit by a poisonous snake, what do I do to save his life?!" The doctor says, "Well you have to suck the venom out as quick as possible" The man thanks the doctor and quickly rushes back to his friend. His friend asks, "What did the doctor say!?" The man said to his friend "You're going to die"
Tonight, two candidates squared off in a head to head clash for supremacy. One of these candidates has to come out on top. The loser will go home, defeated. The winner will face Detroit in the World Series
How does Hitler tie his shoes? (say outloud) With little knotsies.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway.
I love Christmas lights! ... they remind me of politicians. They all hang together, half the buggers don't work, and the ones that do aren't that bright!
Why does Barack Obama eat bananas? Because they are popular, inexpensive, and a good source of potassium.
So a group of guys are trekking through the deepest, darkest parts of the jungle... The three men are searching for the legendary Foo bird. Before they trek into the jungle their guide tells them of the mythological creature, and says that when the bird shits on you, if you wipe it off, you will die instantly. The three men scoff at this, and go into the jungle. Several hours in, they're trekking and just haven't had any luck. When all the sudden "FOO FOO" is heard, and just as soon as it's heard the first guy gets shat on. He immediately is disgusted and wipes it off. As soon as he does, he falls over dead. The other two guys look at each other thinking it's some kind of weird fluke, and keep on trekking. Shortly after, "FOO FOO" is heard again, and suddenly the second guy gets shat on. At this point both of the remaining men are ready to abandon this struggle of trying to document this legendary bird. So they decide to head back to base and call it off completely, as they're trekking back, the second guy who got shat on is completely miserable. He says to the other guy, "Man this is horrible, the smell is terrible, it's burning, it's getting everywhere, man I don't know if I can handle it anymore." The other guy reminds him of why he shouldn't wipe it off, and they continue on for another hour or so. Finally the guy who gets shat on, can't take it anymore and figures if this is going to have to be part of his life, he doesn't want to live, and wipes it off. Boom, he falls over dead. The third guy is freaking out at this point and starts trekking faster through the jungle. Soon he hears "FOO FOO" he freaks out and takes off running as fast as he can. It's no use. He gets shat on anyways. He's absolutely mortified. He stops running and just as the second guy had said, the smell was awful and for whatever reason, it burned to be on him. He was completely miserable. He decides to walk back to base, since nothing worse could happen at this point. The entire time, he's sobbing and just completely distraught. Several hours pass and he finally makes it into camp. Everybody sees the man come back covered in shit and is disgusted, and someone comes to wipe it off. The guy freaks out and tells them what happened to the other two men. After hearing the news they decide to leave the man to himself. He goes for a couple of days contemplating what he should do with his life, and figures, it's going to come off sometime anyways. So after much delay, he wipes it off, and proceeds to fall over dead. The moral of the story?............. IF THE FOO SHITS, WEAR IT!
A gay couple have sex all night and wake up the next morning.. And one of the men says to the other, "Lay in bed, I will make a huge breakfast for us, so we have the energy to go at it all day. Promise me you will wait for me!". The man gladly agrees. 15 minutes later the guy comes back with breakfast and looks around the room to see semen covering the bed and floor and walls and he screams, "I told you to wait!", the man replies, "Sorry I had to fart."
You know what they say: once you go Black... ... you'll always be blacker than Wayne Brady.
The MAIN reason why I don't let my Girlfriend play my X-Box!! ... I don't have a girlfriend.
Yo momma so fat that she has to use two IRC clients to get online.
Joke in honor of mole day Three moles are going through the ground looking for food. The first mole pops up out of the ground and sniffs around. He says "hey guys I think were getting close I smell some syrup". The next mole pops up and says "ya we must be a smell some syrup too". The last mole pops up and says "I don't know guys all I smell is some molasses"
A joke I wrote in the style of Mitch Hedberg... I'm gonna change my name to 'marriage,' man. That way, all those girls out there can be saving themselves for *me*!
Conveyor Belt A man was shopping at his local supermarket where he selected a half-gallon of 2% milk, a carton of eggs, a quart of orange juice, head of romaine lettuce, a 2 lb. can of coffee, and a 1 lb. package of bacon. He unloaded his items on the conveyor belt to check out, and the cashier said "You must be single." The young man was a bit startled by this proclamation, but he was intrigued by the check-out girl's intuition, since he was indeed single. He looked at his six items on the belt and saw nothing particularly unusual about his selections that could have tipped off the cashier. Curiosity getting the better of him, he said "Well, you know what, you're absolutely correct. But how on earth did you know that?" The cashier replied, "Cause you're ugly."
What did the DNA say to the RNA? What are U doing here?
Chicken walks into a library So a chicken walks into a library and walks up to the librarian and goes 'bok, bok'. Surprised, the librarian gives the chicken two books. The next day the chicken is back with a request for 'bok, bok, bok'. This carries on for several days and finally after 'bok, bok, bok, bok, bok' and 5 books later, the librarian, intrigued, decides to follow the chicken. Sure enough the chicken leaves the library and crosses the road (as chickens are wont to do) The chicken goes to the park and down to the pond. Through the bull rushes the librarian spies the chicken giving the books to a frog, who cursorily skims through each book, croaking: 'REDDIT, REDDIT!'
My 11 y/o brother told me this What is pickle bread before its baked? Dill dough
How do you make a blind moan? Kick him in the balls
Scaring the postman I scared the postman today by going to the door completely naked. I'm not sure what scared him more, my naked body or the fact that I know where he lives.
What are Mitt Romney's favorite shoes? Flip flops
The difference if you marry a Canadian girl... Three friends married women from different parts of the world... The first man married a Greek girl. He told her that she was to do the dishes and house cleaning. It took a couple of days, but on the third day, he came home to see a clean house and dishes washed and put away. The second man married a Thai. He gave his wife orders that she was to do all the cleaning, dishes and the cooking. The first day he didn't see any results, but the next day he saw it was better. By the third day, he saw his house was clean, the dishes were done, and there was a huge dinner on the table. The third man married a girl from Canada. He ordered her to keep the house cleaned, dishes washed, laundry washed, and hot meals on the table for every meal. He said the first day he didn't see anything, the second day he didn't see anything either but by the third day, some of the swelling had gone down and he could see a little out of his left eye and his arm was healed enough that he could fix himself a sandwich and load the dishwasher. He still has some difficulty when he pees.
Bert and Ernie Bert asked Ernie if he would like any ice cream. Ernie replied "Sure Bert"
A woman got breast implants made of wood yesterday... It would be funny if this joke had a punchline. Wooden tit.
iPad Apple will be unveiling a larger iPad. Proctor &amp; Gamble is set to file suit over trademark infringements over Apple's new Max iPad.
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexic Association
Did you hear about the American Athlete who was stripped of all her medals? When Olympic officials tested her urine, they found traces of Lance Armstrong.
Investment Opportunity: You might want to consider getting on board early... A British Engineer just started his own business in Afghanistan. He's making land mines that look like prayer mats. It's doing very well. He says prophets are going through the roof.
A rapist and a con artist get caught... A rapist and con artist get caught by the sheriff in a small town. The town doesn't have much money to take care of prisoners so the sheriff gets an idea. He decides he'll charge money to let the townspeople punish the crooks and use the money to keep them in jail for as long as he can. The sheriff figures even a short stay in jail will be plenty after a little "justice" from the townspeople. The sheriff takes the criminals to the town square, handcuffs them posts and sets up shop. He tells the people that the punishment should fit the crime so anyone can pay $1 to kick the rapist in the groin. Since the con artist used his image to wrong his victims, anyone can pay $1 to hit him in the face. After a while there are two long lines for the criminals. Some people paying $5, $10, even $15 to get their licks in. After a long while, a guy steps up for his turn and sees the con artist's face is a bloody pulp and thinks "He's so beat up at this point, he probably can't even feel anything anymore. I'm not going to waste my money on that." So the guy walks up and kicks the con artist squarely in the groin. The sheriff sees this and hurries over and says, "Hey son, you can't do that here." The man asks, "Why not?" And the sheriff replies, "Because this is the punch line."
A cow once saved my life. I guess you could call it Bovine Intervention.
Two men are standing on the pavement... Two men are standing on the pavement smoking cigarettes. The first man turns to the other and asks, "Why are you smoking two cigarettes?" The second man responds, "One is for me and the other is in honor of my brother who is in jail." The first man nods his understanding and leaves to get on with his day. Two weeks later the first man walks past the second man and sees he is only smoking one cigarette. Excited he asks him, "Is your brother out of jail?" The second man looks at him in a dejected way and replies, "No, I just quit smoking."
do you know what 6.9 is? It's a period ruining a beautiful thing.
Why do so many Muslim students take Intro to Engineering? They heard it was a great place to find 72 virgins.
Moo? A young women was having a physical examination and very embarrassed because of her weight problem. As she removed the last of her clothes, she blushed saying " I'm so embarrassed, I guess I let myself go." As the doctor was checking her ears and eyes said "Don't feel ashamed. Miss. You don't look that bad." "Do you really think so, doctor?" she asked. The doctor held a tongue depressor in front of and said, "Of course. Now just open your mouth and say moo."
Little Johnny walks in on his mom while she's taking a bath. Pointing to her crotch he asks "mommy what's that?" Startled and speechless she says "oh, that's where daddy hit me with an axe". Johnny then says "ouch, right in the cunt!?!?"
Some hockey jokes, shamelessly lifted from /r/hockey What country has the most physical hockey team? The Czech Republic. ___________________________________ Why do St Louis fans drink out of bowls? No Cups. ___________________________________ How do you keep the Panthers out of your backyard? Put up a goal net. ___________________________________ What do the Nashville Predators and training bras have in common? Lots of support, but no Cups. ___________________________________ What do the Islanders, Nets, Yankees and Knicks have in common? None of those teams can play hockey. ___________________________________ How do you stop a Senators fan from masturbating? Paint their privates Toronto's Blue and White and they won't beat it for years! ___________________________________ What's the difference between a Air Canada Centre hot dog and a Bell Centre hot dog? You can buy the Bell Centre hot dog in May and June! ___________________________________
What do you call a really cranky shaman with bad breath and osteoporosis? A Super-calloused-fragile-mystic-hexed-by-halitosis
A little dirty joke Little Red Riding Hood was on her way to see her grandmother in the forest. Her mother warned her "Don't walk through the forest, take the path, or else the Big Bad Wolf will catch you and suck your tits dry!" Little Red started towards her   grandmother's house but decided to take the shortcut through the forest anyway. The turtle stopped Little Red and warned her "Turn back and use the path, because if the Big Bad Wolf finds you, he'll suck your tits dry!" Little Red was almost there, so she kept going through the forest. Sure enough, the Big Bad Wolf jumps out of nowhere and tells her "Take off your shirt Little Red Riding Hood - I'm gonna suck your tits dry!!". "Oh no you don't", yells Little Red, as she pulls up her skirt, "You're gonna eat me just like the story says!"
A drunkard's curiosity It's a typical day in England; overcast and raining. A older man is enjoying his day off by drinking on his porch and watching travelers enter and exit the city. Across the street is a young gentleman, handsome, and obviously good with the ladies, because every time a pretty young lass happened by he would whisper something in her ear. Sometimes the ladies would giggle, and the two would go into his house and appear twenty minutes later, looking a little tired but very happy. Sometimes however the lady would scoff and seem offended. At this the young man merely said something else, the lady would smile and be on her way. The old man's curiosity got the best of him and he stumbled over to his neighbor's house. "I can't help but ask," he says, "what are you doing?" The young man responded: "Well, when a lovely young lady walks by I ask: 'Tickle your ass with a feather?' If she's a fun-loving girl we go into my house, fool around and she leaves. If she gets offended however I smile and politely say, 'I'm sorry, I said 'typical nasty weather.''" The old man thinks this is brilliant and goes back to try it. When the first attractive lady walks by his house he walks over and says, none too quietly: "Oy! Shove a feather in yer arse?" The lady responds angrily, "EXCUSE ME?" To which the old man says, "Oh, I'm sorry, I said 'fuckin' rain'."
What Are The Two Most Important Orifices' On A Woman? The nostrils so she can breathe while she sucks your dick.
A Car Joke Two cars are parked next to each other in a parking lot. Two men walk out and each respectively attempt to start their cars. The one in the automatic, gets out swearing and fumbles around in his trunk for booster cables. The one in the manual steps out chuckling and walks over to the other man. He asks if the man would lend a hand. He walks over the man hops in his car, and after a light push and his car in neutral he rolls back. After shifting into reverse, he peels out. The man driving the automatic is baffled, but a few minutes later the manual car comes screeching back into the parking lot. He steps out of the car and attaches booster cables to his battery and then the automatic cars. After both cars are started, the men go their separate ways. As the men pull out a shout is heard from one of the cars, "I guess you could say manual cars are clutch!"
Little Mary #1 Little Mary was not the best student in Sunday School. Usually she slept through the class. One day the teacher asked her while she was napping, "Tell me, Mary, who created the universe?" When Mary didn't stir, little Johnny, an altruistic boy seated in the chair behind her, took a pin and jabbed her in the rear. "God Almighty!" shouted Mary. The teacher said, "Very good," and little Mary fell back asleep. A while later the teacher asked Mary, "Who is our Lord and Savior?" But, Mary didn't even stir from her slumber. Once again, Johnny came to the rescue and stuck her again. "Jesus Christ!" shouted Mary. The teacher said, "Very good," and little Mary fell back asleep. Then the teacher asked Mary a third question. "What did Eve say to Adam after she had her twenty-third child?" And again, Johnny jabbed her with the pin. This time Mary jumped up and shouted, "If you stick that damn thing in me one more time, I'll break it in half!"
The salesman. A man is walking alone down the street when he is approached by a salesman. "Hello sir, would you like to buy this mouthwash for $200?" The man laughs in the salesman's face and keeps walking. The salesman catches up to him and asks again, "ok, sir, how about I give a a better deal. This mouthwash for $100?" The man says "fuck off" and pushes the salesman away and keeps walking. The salesman stops to think, and runs to catch up with the man again. "Ok, I see why I may have upset you, and to show that I am sorry I will give you these cookies my wife made for my lunch." The man takes a bite and says "EW this tastes like SHIT!" The salesman says "IT IS! You wanna buy some mouthwash?"
Don't puke on yourself! A man who likes the drink a little too much was on his way out the door when his wife yelled "if you come home drunk with puke on your shirt again, I"M LEAVING YOU!" He leaves anyway and makes his way to his favourite bar. He sits at the bar and says nothing. The bartender walks up and says "what's gettin' you down, son?" "My wife said she'll leave me if I puke on myself again." Said the man. The bartender thinks for a second, "hmm, well, how about if you puke on yourself, I'll put $50 in your shirt pocket and you tell your wife that another person at the bar puked on you and gave you the money as an apology?" "That's a great idea!" And the man begins to drink the night away. Surely enough, he pukes on himself and the bartender puts money in his pocket. When the man gets home, he sees his wife standing at the front door, arms crossed. "What did I tell you. I'm leaving you!" She screams. "No, no honey look. A man puked on me and gave me $50 as an apology." "There's $100 here." "Yeah, he also shit in my pants."
Probably my favorite joke ever. Two guys are walking through the woods when they stumble upon an old abandoned mine shaft so deep that they can't see the bottom. Intrigued, one of them throws a rock into it to see how deep it is. After listening for quite a while, they never hear it hit the bottom. The other one grabs a bigger rock and hefts it down. They still don't hear it hit bottom. Now they are really curious how deep it is. After a minute of searching, one of them finds a huge railroad tie and signals for his buddy to come help. It takes a bit of work, but they wrestle it to the edge of the hole and push it over. Out of nowhere, a goat comes running right between them, jumping into the mineshaft! Amazed at what just happened, they start walking away when a park ranger walks up and asks them if they have seen a goat anywhere. "Yeah, one just ran right between us and jumped into that old mineshaft over there!" "No, that couldn't be my goat," said the ranger, "mine was tied to a railroad tie."
I play hard to get; if it's hard, you're getting it.
Ghost Sex A professor at the University was giving a lecture in a huge hall on Paranormal Studies. To get a feel for his audience, he asks, "How many people here believe in ghosts?" About 90 students raise their hands. "Out of those who believe in ghosts, do any of you think you have seen a ghost?" About 40 students raise their hands. "That's really good. I'm really glad you take this seriously. Has anyone here ever talked to a ghost?" About 15 students raise their hand. "Has anyone here ever touched a ghost?" Three students raise their hands. "That's fantastic. Now let me ask you one question further, have any of you ever made love to a ghost?" Way in the back, Ahmed raises his hand. The professor takes off his glasses and says, "Son, all the years I've been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have made love to a ghost. You've got to come up here and tell us about your experience." The Middle Eastern student replied with a nod and a grin, and began to make his way up to the podium. When he reached the front of the room, the professor asks, "So, Ahmed, tell us what it's like to have sex with a ghost?" Ahmed replied, "Oh shit, from way back there I thought you said 'Goats'."
French Toast A mother calls her three sons down to breakfast. She asks the first one, "What would you like to eat?" The son replies, "I will have some fucking french toast." Appalled by her son's language, she sends him to his room. She asks one of her other sons the same question. The son replies, "I will have some fucking french toast." Astonished at the use of all of these curses, she sends that son to his room. Finally, she asks the youngest son what he wants for breakfast. "I don't know," the son replies. "But I sure as hell don't want the fucking french toast."
I need help writing a chemistry joke... (NOT AN ACTUAL JOKE. YET.) My teacher actually assigned this for homework. I think it's mainly for shits and giggles, but why the hell not ask you guys? She said it has to start with: "An S, a P, and a D sub-orbital walk into a coffee shop. the s sub-orbital brags 'electrons love coming to me. I only have one rule: no electron touching allowed!'" It should be PG-13 at worst. So, guys. Any ideas?
A Plain Cheerio is walking down the street... In the land of Cheerios when he sees a beautiful Strawberry Cheerio down the road. He asks the girl to marry him but she replies "I can't marry a Plain Cheerio! The law says that I can only marry Cheerios of the same class." So the Plain Cheerio runs to the king Cheerio and pleads him to let him become a Strawberry Cheerio. The king says "You may only become a Strawberry Cheerio if you do something sweet for me." The Plain Cheerio then gives the king a box of chocolate and compliments his crown. The king blushes and says "Ok fine, you have done something sweet therefore you may become a Strawberry Cheerio, and he pours Strawberry filling on him to make him a Strawberry Cheerio. The now Strawberry Cheerio then runs back to the street to the Cheerio to propose to her, but finds that she is already married. Heartbroken, he continues sadly down the road and sees a marvelous Chocolate Cheerio. He proposes to her but is given the same reply "I can't marry you! We have to be in the same class!" So the now Strawberry Cheerio runs back to the king to ask him to let him become a Chocolate Cheerio. The king replies "Ok, but only if you make me laugh." So the Strawberry Cheerio tells him the best joke he can think of and the king gives out a hearty laugh. "Ok, that was hilarious. You may become a Chocolate Cheerio." So the king drenches him in chocolate and declares him a Chocolate Cheerio. So the now Chocolate Cheerio runs down the road to meet the Chocolate Cheerio only to find that she was not interested. Heartbroken, he takes a halfhearted step in the other direction when he sees an astounding Honey Nut Cheerio. He proposes to her but is still met with the same reply "I can't marry you! We have to be of the same class of Cheerios!" So the now Chocolate Cheerio runs to the king to ask him if he can become a Honey Nut Cheerio. The king says that he may, but this time the price has to be higher. He must save the empire of Cheerios in order to become a Honey Nut Cheerio. Just at that moment a giant dragon bursts in from the roof, snatching the king. The Chocolate Cheerio takes a knight's sword and slays the beast. The king says "Wow! You may become a Honey Nut Cheerio for saving my life." So he douses him in honey and sprinkles nuts all over him and declares him a Honey Nut Cheerio. The now Honey Nut Cheerio runs back to the street and proposes to the beautiful Honey Nut Cheerio. She says yes and they are married the same day. 15 years pass and the 2 Cheerios are living happily together. The wife ask her husband to get her some fruit punch. He goes into the kitchen and comes out empty handed replying "Sorry honey, there's a water line, a milk line, but no punch line!"
What has two thumbs and doesn't understand jokes that require a visual component? This guy!
Do you know what would happen if the Pope showed up randomly to a Catholic service? Mass hysteria.
Interesting piece of history... In 1872, the Arabs invented the condom, using a goat's lower intestine. In 1873, the British somewhat refined the idea by taking the intestine out of the goat first.
Kids Today Two Arab mothers are sitting in a cafe chatting over a plate of tabouli and a pint of goat's milk. The older of the two pulls a bag out of her purse and starts flipping through photos. They start reminiscing. 'This is my oldest son, Mujibar. He would have been 24 years old now.' 'Yes, I remember him as a baby,' says the other mother cheerfully. 'He's a martyr now though,' the mother confides. 'Oh, so sad dear,' says the other. 'And this is my second son, Khalid. He would have been 21.' 'Oh, I remember him,' says the other happily, 'he had such curly hair when he was born.' 'He's a martyr too,' says the mother quietly. 'Oh, gracious me . . . , ' says the other. 'And this is my third son. My baby. My beautiful Ahmed. He would have been 18,' she whispers. 'Yes,' says the friend enthusiastically, 'I remember when he first started school.' 'He's a martyr also,' says the mother, with tears in her eyes. After a pause and a deep sigh, the second Muslim mother looks wistfully at the photographs and, searching for the right words, says . . . 'They blow up so fast, don't they?'
Awkward Dinner Party A young child was enjoying a cool drink in his room when he heard noises coming from his parents room. He proceeded to the room, wherein he found his parents arguing. His father called his mother a bitch and his mother called his father a bastard. Later on that day he asked his mother, "mummy what does bastard mean?" the mother , thinking quickly answered " Bastard is another name for gentleman, i was calling your father a gentleman." He noted this and proceeded to the backyard where he found his father. "Daddy what does bitch mean?" Again thinking quickly his father answered "bitch means lady, i was calling your mother a lady". Later on in the day the family was preparing for a dinner party. Finding his mother upstairs in her room putting on make up, he sneaks up behind her and pokes her leg, she then smears lipstick across her face. "Shit!" she exclaims, the son not understanding asks "mummy what does shit mean?" "shit is makeup son shit means make up". Accepting this the son goes downstairs to find his father carving the chicken. He bumps his fathers leg causing him to cut his finger. Resulting in the father shouting "FUCK!" not comprehending the son asks "daddy what does fuck mean?" "well son fuck is the new word for Cutting, and i cut myself, now run along an play while i fix this up" Later in the evening the guests arrive, DING DONG the doorbell sounds, the son is the first to the door. He states, "Welcome bitches and bastards!" The astounded guests ask " Where are your parents you naughty boy!?" To which he responds, "Mummy is in her room smearing shit on her face and dad is in the kitchen Fucking the chicken."
My friend's coming over, I've got to be careful... ...my house mates are crazy and he's allergic to nuts. *Yes indeed.*
First Impressions A young teenage couple have been dating for a little while, so the girl says to the boy that she wants him to meet her parents. He is a little skeptical at this, but she tells him that if he can make a good impression with them that she will reward him with sex. Extremely excited at the prospect of losing his virginity, the boy rushes to the local pharmacy to get some protection. However, he is a little embarrassed and unsure of himself. The pharmacist at the counter notices this and walks over to see if he can help. "First time?" the pharmacist guesses. The boy nods sheepishly. So the pharmacist gives him the basics on picking condoms. The boy thanks him, buys some, and leaves. Finally, the big night arrives and the boy arrives at the girl's house. As the couple and the girl's parents sit down for dinner, they all bow their heads to say grace over the meal. Afterwards, they all look up to start eating, except for the boy, who still has his head bowed in prayer. Respectfully, the girl and her parents sit quietly as he continues praying to himself. After about 5 minutes pass, the girl leans over and whispers to him, "I never knew you were so religious!" He looks up at her and whispers back, "I never knew your dad was a pharmacist!"
Are you an elixir? Because you made my PP go up.
Tonto and the Lone Ranger Chased by Injuns, the lone ranger and Tonto are galloping along when suddenly, Tonto stops, jumps down off his horse, puts his ear to the ground and listens. After a bit, he sits up and says 'BUFFALO COME!' 'how can you tell?' replies the lone ranger. Tonto says 'Ear Sticky!'
Why did the duck cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
The least offensive joke ever. The french military.
Two guys at a bar when... A panda walks in and the bartender sighs One man asks why the bartender what is so bad about the panda The bartender said the panda is a menace,whenever he comes I he eats shoots and leaves
Three mice are sitting in a bar having drinks. They all order a shot of whiskey together and are thinking of something to drink to. The first mouse says, "I'm so fucking hardcore the first thing I do when I go home every night is find a pill of rat poison, grind it up, and use it to season all my food" while showing off all of his chest hair. He slams his shot. The second mouse says, as he flexes to show off "that's pretty hard core, but the first thing I do when I get home every night is find a mouse trap, step on it to set it off and catch the bar as it comes down. I do a few sets of ten before I eat the cheese" . He slams his shot. The third mouse rolls his eyes, takes his shot and says "Man I don't have time for this shit. I have to go fuck my cat" Edit: fixed a few mistakes pointed out in the comments.
Did I tell you about my attempt to grow bananas in sand? It was fruitless.
There's been and explosion is a French cheese factory... All that's left is de brie!
Joke I came up with (needs work) So there are this brother and sister who live together, Cee and Sofie. Sofie says she has a date tonight, the guy will be over at 8 and that Cee will have to let him in while she gets all pampered up. So later that evening, there is a knock at the door and Sofie shouts out from upstairs "Cee, can you get that?" Cee opens the door and sees an enormous orange standing in front of him. Cee begins to speak..... "You are?.......", Cee asks "Hi!", says the Orange "Invite him in Cee!", Sofie shouts from upstairs. The Orange replies, "Not to mention calcium and potassium!"
My friends all say I'm a cocaine addict, but I disagree. I just like the smell.
I walked into the doctors... I walked in to the doctors office for my anual check up and I hop on the table and he does what he normaly does, take my tempature, look in my ears excetra. Then he says I need you to stop masturbating, I asked "why, Shurly its not dangerious"? He assured me its not but then he said "It is distracting me though".
Doctor... Doctor, impotence takes you suddenly? - No, first it lets you look like a fool about 2-3 times ...
Starting Early There was a little girl named Suzy and she liked to play with one of the little boys in her neighborhood named Jack after school. One day, Suzy comes home ecstatic and her mother asks, "Suzy, why are you so excited?". Suzy replies "I was playing with Jack and he said he'd give me a dollar if I climbed the tree in our yard and I did. So now I have a dollar!" The mother realizes her little Suzy is wearing a dress and puts two and two together. "Suzy," the mom starts to say, "Jack didn't pay you that dollar to climb the tree, he tricked you so he could look at your panties. Don't let him trick you like that again." Embarrassed, the little girl agrees to not fall for any more of Jack's clever tricks. The next day, the mom is sitting in the living room when Suzy bursts through the door ten times more excited than yesterday. "Mommy! I just got 10 dollars from Jack to climb that tree!" The mother, in a scolding tone says, "Suzy! I thought I told you that Jack is just tricking you to look at your panties!" But the little girl smiles and says, "Don't worry mom! I tricked Jack because I didn't wear any!"
There are three kinds of people on this earth. Those who can count ... And those who can't.
So I saw an internet survey the other day... and apparently 99.87% of the population was born on the 1st of January! How very strange!
Atheism... is a non-prophet organization.
A man and his wife were watching helplessly as their house was burning to the ground... And the man says : Can you feel the cotton candy smell too ? to which the wife replies: Didn't your mom have diabetes ?
Elephant Hunter I used to hunt elephant but had to quit.. Carrying the decoys got to heavy.
How to Pick up Women So im a law student, in my Crim Law class, and we are on the topic of rape. While the professor is engaged in discussion with one side of the class, the people behind me are talking amongst themselves, and rather loudly, to the point that i can't hear what is being said by the professor. At this point, i turn around and say, "could you please be quiet.. i'm trying to learn how to pick up women" i got some dirty looks, to say the least
Yesterday I accidentaly came on my girlfriends earring... Now she has hearing-aids!
A horse walks into a bar... and the bartender asks, "hey, why the long face?"
What did Mick Jones say when he offended the Arabs sorry I'm a foreigner
My Grandpa told me this one A lady has been sitting at the bar all night pounding down drinks and she's completely hammered. She's so drunk that she can barely talk, but she's trying to converse with the bartender anyways. "You know, I really like these martoonis," she slurs, "but I don't like the cherries in them, they give me heartburn." The bartender looks at her for a minute, shakes his head and replys: "First of all, lady, those aren't martoonis, they're martinis. Second, those aren't cherries, they're olives. And that's not heartburn, your tit's in the ashtray.
my favourite one-liner a seal walks into a club.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg? You suck its dick.
My friend asked what he should dress his 1 yr old daughter up as for halloween. I told him a giant steak with a tiara on. He didnt get it, he asked "why would my daughter be steak?" I told him, no a giant Miss Steak
How did the prof get the latin college girl pregnant? He asked her to do an essay. [Also, I'm latin]
taxi cab A businessman takes a vacation in Vegas. He has a horrible run of luck, and spends his life savings and maxes out his credit cards. All he has left is his airline ticket home. Getting into a taxi, he explains his plight to the cabbie. He offers to leave his drivers license or anything else until he can mail the fare to the taxi driver. "You ain't got ten bucks for the cab fare to the airport? Get out of my cab!" yelled the taxi driver. The man walks to the airport, flies home, and for the next year, he works very hard, and builds back his fortune. He goes back to Vegas, and this time he wins big. Feeling good about himself, he steps out of his hotel to leave for the airport. At the end of a long line of taxis, he sees the cab driver who refused to help him last year in his hour of need. He immediately figures out a way to get even with this guy. He gets into the first taxi and asks what the fare to the airport is. "Ten dollars." says the driver. He then asks how much for a blow job. "What? Get out of my cab." He proceeds down the line of taxis repeating the process and getting the same results. He finally gets into the cab with his old friend, and asks him how much to get to the airport. "Ten bucks," says the driver. "Good." he says to the driver. And as they cruise past all the other drivers in their cabs, he gives them all a smile and a thumbs up.
I really love bikes. I'm a pedalphile.
It's like a baby down there... A young virginal couple are in their honeymoon suite, nervous about their first encounter. The husband the more nervous of the two says: "Honey, um I need to tell you, well it's like a baby down there." The new blushing bride consoles her new husband with assurances that everything will be fine, that she loves him unconditionally. "But" interrupts the husband "It's like a baby down there." The wife gives her husband a heartfelt hug and suggests he undress in the bathroom if it would make him more comfortable. The husband goes into the bathroom while the wife turns off the lights and gets naked in bed. She calls to her husband and he enters the dark room and proceeds to fuck the living shit out of his wife. She's screaming and scrambling to get out from under him but he proceeds to roger her for all it's worth. After 10 minutes of sheer hell she crawls out from under him sobbing. "Oh my God! I thought you said it was like a baby down there!" To which the husband replies: "It is. Eight pounds and 24 inches."
3 dwarves. (kinda nsfw) 3 dwarves (very short fellas. Like the size of a thumb) are all looking for a place to live. They go around the world looking and finally decide the best place to settle down is on a womans body. The first one decides that he wants to live between the breasts. The second one chooses the stomach and the third one makes the vagina his home. So they meet in a few days in a local bar ( god knows where that is) and start talking. The first one says: "I kinda like it here. I look out of my house and there are these two beautiful mountains on either side. Haven't climbed them yet, but the scenery should be great." The second one says: "Man, I was looking for a place to live and fell in a god damn hole. Was stuck there for two days. Not a good experience so far." The third one replies: "Well, if you think you've had it rough, listen to this: I found a nice little place to live in. Warm, cozy. It was all nice until some bald bloke came in. I asked him what he wants and when he didn't answer i kicked his ass. Then a couple of minutes later the same bald bloke came, but with a yellow rubber over his head. Thought i wouldn't recognize him. Pfft. Got his ass whooped again."
Yankee Doodle can use other names too Helen Keller went to town while riding on a pony, stuck a feather in her hat and called it 'UGLABERPL' Adolf Hitler went to town while riding on a pony, when someone stuck a feather in his hat, he threw it on the ground and screamed 'NIEN!'
A young Arab asks his father, "What is that weird hat you are wearing?" The father said, "Why, it's a 'chechia' because in the desert it protects our heads from the sun." "And what is this type of clothing that you are wearing?" asked the young man. "It's a 'djbellah' because in the desert it is very hot and it protects the body." said the father. The son asked, "And what about those ugly shoes on your feet? His father replied, "These are 'babouches", which keep us from burning our feet in the desert." "Tell me," added the boy. "Yes, my son?" "Why are you living in Dearborn , Michigan and still wearing all this shit?"
What would it take to reunite the Beatles? Two more bullets
The Trick Stick makes it sick Back when I was in elementary school, tech decks were really popular, and they recently released little mini finger bikes that you could use on the tech deck skating ramps/halfpipes/rails that you already had. I recall this one commercial advertising a "trick stick" that I believe was attached to the handle bars/seat to do tricks easily. The motto in the commercial was "THE TRICK STICK MAKES IT SICK!" Now, in elementary school, my little group of friends had a kid who had overly strict parents. Always had to go to bed early, always had packed lunches, always had to go to church on sundays, was just kind of lame for him. We would always rip on him kind of behind his back. When we were playing with the finger bikes with the trick stick, we would always make fun of Dave for not being able to use the trick stick because it would make him sick, and that his parents wouldn't want him to miss school or church. Hahahahaha Dave
A guy with crossed eyes.. ..got stuck between a tree.
I got fired from my job at Pepsi I tested positive for Coke
Why God? One day it began to rain very hard. It rained for hours. There was a man standing outside his house in the rain praying. When the rain was up to his knees a canoe came by. The people in the boat told him to get on board before he drowned. The man replied "don't worry God will save me." When the rain was up to his waist a small boat came by. The people in the boat told him to get on board before he drowned. The man replied "don't worry God will save me." When the water was up to his neck a larger boat came by. The people on the boat told him to get on board before he drowned. The man replied "don't worry God will save me." Eventually the water went over his head and he drowned. When he got to heaven he asked God why God didn't save him. God then responded "What are you talking about, I sent a canoe, a small boat, and a large boat to save you."
Q: what did one ass cheek say to the other? A: together we can stop this shit
Why you gonna whistle? A boy and a girl are making out in the back of car. The boy starts to finger the girl with one finger. The girl is very excited and says "stick another one in." The boy asks, "Why, you gonna whistle?"
A Nazi joke One morning in the desert Rommel announced to his staff officers, "Today is Christmas. We will now celebrate. Hans, how is your wife? Hermann, how is your wife?" and without waiting for his officers, to answer, Rommel said, "That was Christmas. Now, get out the maps."
Tourettes What do we want? A cure for tourettes! When do we want it? Cunt!
I used to be a halogen but then I took a proton to the Ne
A man is standing on top of the tallest building in the city on Christmas Eve. He's had enough of his life - his boss hates him no matter how hard he works, his wife has fallen out of love with him and he's completely in debt with the bank. He approaches the edge of the building, ready to end it all, when all of a sudden.. "Stop!" a voice behind him shouts. The man turns around to find Santa Claus running up to him. "Santa?!" the man exclaims. "Wait! Don't jump off this building! It's Christmas Eve; a time for forgiveness, a time for happiness, a time for giving!" The man confides in Santa. "I can't live my life anymore. There's nothing I can do to fix things. I'd be happier if I were dead." Santa says "Well... I might be able to help you out. I can grant anyone who has sex with me three wishes. If you want to have a second chance, then that's all you have to do." The man promptly drops his pants and invites Santa to have sex with him. After a while of intense fucking, Santa pulls his pants back up and says "Okay, now that's over, what are your three wishes?" The man is shaking from excitement. "First wish, I want my boss to realise that I'm the best employee at work and give me the promotion that I deserve; I'll finally be appreciated! Second wish, I want my wife to remember why she fell in love with me. I want her to only have eyes for me. And my last wish... I want to start over again with the bank. I want my debts to be cleared. This time, I'll do it right, and I won't make the same mistakes again." Santa thinks for a moment, then snaps his fingers. "Done. Go live your life!" The man gives Santa a hug. "Thank you so, so much Santa! You have no idea what you've done for me today!" "You're welcome young man!" Santa says, turning around to leave. "But one question before I go... Aren't you a little bit old to believe in Santa Claus?"
So.. So a dyslectic man walks into a bra...
A blonde is walking on the bank of a wide river when she sees another blonde on the opposing bank. The first blonde yells: "Hey! How do you get to the other side?" To which the second blonde yells back: "What are you, stupid? You are on the other side."
An original joke based on real life events. A man breaks into a hair salon with intent on stealing money. The woman who owns the store happens to be a black belt and kicks his ass and drags him down the stairs to the basement. She binds him to a chair and uses him as a sex slave. She leaves. The next day she comes and rapes him again. She does it again the next day after that. After the days pass he finally has enough strength to resist. While she is in the middle of raping him on the fourth day, he starts trying to buck her off of him. He keeps shouting "GET OFF, GET OFF!!!" and she yells "I AM, I AM!"
One day I was camping. I had never been camping before, and didn't know too much about it. After a day of hiking and eating trail mix, I was exhausted. As I laid in my sleeping bag, I felt the urge to go to the bathroom. I was about to go outside, when I heard a noise. I figured it could be a dangerous animal, so I decided to wait it out. After a few hours, whatever it was was still out there. I really had to go, but I was too scared to go out. I actually wound up crapping inside. That shit was in tents.
What did the black kid get for christmas? Your bike.
Two men at a water cooler... There are two men standing at a water cooler in their office. One man says to the other, "So this rather embarrassing thing happened to me over the weekend." "Oh yeah? What happened?" Said the other man. "Well, I was at the train station, getting ready to buy two tickets to Pittsburgh when I noticed the woman at the counter had huge boobs! When I got to her, I accidentally asked for two pickets to Tittsburgh!" He said. "Oh, something like that happened to me too," Said the second man. "I was having dinner with my wife and I meant to ask her to pass the butter, but I accidentally said 'you fuckin' ruined my life!'"
A question for your doctor During a visit to my doctor, I asked him, "How do you determine whether or not an older person should be put in an old age home?" "Well," he said, "we fill up a bathtub, then we offer a teaspoon, a teacup and a bucket to the person to empty the bathtub." "Oh, I understand," I said. "A normal person would use the bucket because it is bigger than the spoon or the teacup.." "No" he said. "A normal person would pull the plug. Do you want a bed near the window?"
why cant women count to 70 because 69 is a mouth full
One-upmanship The scene is an era when cockpits had round dials and pilots needed flight engineers and navigators. A crusty old captain is breaking in a brand new navigator. The captain opens his briefcase, pulls out a .38 and rests it on the glare panel. He asks the navigator, "Know what this is for?" "No, sir," replies the newbie. "I use it on navigators who get us lost," explains the captain, winking at his first officer. The navigator then opens his briefcase, pulls out a .45 and sets it on his chart table. "What's THAT for?" queries the surprised captain. "Well, sir," replies the navigator, "I'll know we're lost before you will."
whos your future husband or wife mine reddit alien
Dog Day Afternoon Four men were bragging about how smart their dogs were. One was an engineer, the second man was an accountant, the third was a chemist, and the fourth was a government worker. To show off, the engineer called to his dog, "T-Square" do your stuff!" T-Square trotted over to a desk, took out some paper and a pen and promptly drew a square, circle and triangle. Everyone agreed that was pretty smart. But, the accountant said his dog could do better. He called to his dog and said, "Spreadsheet, do your stuff." Spreadsheet went into the kitchen and returned with a dozen cookies. He then divided them into 4 equal piles of 3 cookies each. Everyone agreed that was good. But the chemist said his dog could do better. He called to his dog and said, "Measure, do your stuff." Measure got up, walked over to the fridge, took out a quart of milk, got a 10 oz. glass from the cupboard and poured exactly 8 oz. without spilling a drop. Everyone agreed that was pretty impressive. The three men turned to the government worker and said, "What can your dog do?" The government worker called to his dog and said, "Coffee Break, do your stuff." Coffee Break jumped to his feet, ate the cookies, drank the milk, took a crap on the paper, had sex with the other three dogs, claimed he injured his back while doing so, filed a grievance report for unsafe working conditions, put in for worker's compensation and then went home for the rest of the day on sick leave. They ALL agreed, that dog was bloody brilliant!!!
If I like ceilings... Does that make me a ceiling fan?
A pick-up line for a lovely lady Hey babe, are you a fart? -cause you just blew me away.
Two Breasts Two 80-year-old breasts are in a sweater with no bra. One says to the other, "If we don't start getting some support for our cause, people will think we're nuts!"
What do you call a camel with no humps? Humpfree! :P
There was once a poetry competition... and it was down to the final two contestants. The first was an English Lit professor from Harvard while the second was a country boy from the back woods of Alabama who had somehow made it that far. For the finals the moderator says "Gentleman, I will now ask each of you to create a poem using the word 'Timbuctu.' Good luck and may the best man win. Harvard, you may go first." The professor takes the stage, stands there for a second, clears his throat and says - "Across the burning desert sands, winds a lonely caravan. Camels traveling two by two, destination Timbuctu" The audience is thoroughly impressed and considers the competition practically over, but Alabama still gets his shot. He slowly takes the stage and scratches his head for a minute before beginning- "A camping me and Tim we went, Met three girls in a pop-up tent, They were three and we were two, So I bucked one and Tim bucked two"
"Telling jokes about the KGB was thought to be like pulling the tail of a tiger..." A frightened man came to the KGB "My talking parrot disappeared." "This is not our case. Go to the criminal police." "Excuse me. Of course I know that I have to go to them. I am here just to tell you officially that I disagree with that parrot." More Russian political jokes here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_political_jokes
Sandpaper Sally A man wants to get his son something very special for his 18th Birthday, so he decides he will make his son a man by buying him a hooker. He goes to his buddies and asks them if they know of a good escort service. They give him a catalog but tell him whatever you do, do not pick Sandpaper Sally. The man looks through the catalog and is disgusted. All of the women are hideous, except Sandpaper Sally. So he figures, whatever it can't be that bad. He calls her and sets everything up. He tells his son about it and gives him the hotel key where Sally is waiting. The son goes to the hotel and begins to fuck the hooker. He says "ow, it sure is rough and scratchy down there". She tells him to hold on and goes to the bathroom. She returns and they resume. The son says "wow that's a lot better this is awesome, what did you do?" To which she replies "I picked the scabs."
how did the hipster burn his tongue? He sipped his coffee before it was cool
Just a morbid knock knock joke. : Knock Knock : Who's there : Not my dad : *Sob*
I was walking past a store with one of my lazy friends There was a sign in the window that said "No Help Wanted" I told him he should apply
For my cake day, here is a joke Two guys get invited to a costume party. The invitation says that all costumes need to be of an emotion. So they think about it and figure out their costumes. The day of the party comes and the first guy gets completely naked, gets a bowl of custard and sticks his dick in it. The second guy also gets completely naked, cuts a whole in a pear, and sticks his dick through it. They walk in to the party together and people at the party are freaking out. The host runs up and says "Whoa guys what are you doing. This isn't that kind of party. You were supposed to dress up like an emotion." The first guys says "I am dressed as an emotion. I'm fuckin dis custard." Second guys says "And I'm deep in dis pear."
"We should clean the bathroom." "Why? Are we moving?"
Computer password A guy just brought a computer and to help get it set up he asked this girl to help him. He got it set up and she asked him what he wanted his password to be. He replied "penis" trying to be funny. She didn't laugh at this but she laughed at the response "password rejected not long enough."
What is cowhide mostly used for? Keeping cows from falling apart.
Why is it called PMS'ing? Mad cow disease was already taken.
What is 6 afraid of 7? Because size matters.
what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend... wiped his arse
what do you call a asian with one leg i lean
(nsfw) What do pimples and catholic priests have in common? They both start coming on boys' faces around age 13.
As migration approached, two elderly vultures doubted they could make the trip south, so they decided to go by airplane. When they checked their baggage, the attendant noticed that they were carrying two dead raccoons. "Do you wish to check the raccoons through as luggage?" she asked. "No, thanks," replied the vultures. "They're carrion."
Confucius Say Women who fly plane upside down have crack up.
Polish man's first hunting trip. So an American man is friends a Polish man, and the Polish man has never been hunting before. The American said that he is going out deer hunting this weekend and he should tag along. Saturday comes around and bright and early, both men pack up a shotgun, some beer, a few sandwiches, some deer piss, and all the essentials to make for a perfect day of hunting. The Polish man is very excited, so the American tells the Polish man to get up in the tree stand and the American is going to go make some noise to push deer towards him. After waiting for about 20 minutes, the Polish man starts to get a little bored, then all the sudden he notices movement in the bushes. He readies the gun and takes aim. Before another second could click he pulls the trigger and hears a scream. He climbs down the tree and runs over to find his American friend laying on the ground, shot in the stomach. After strenuous work, the Polish man lifts the American man into the truck and takes off for the hospital. After waiting patiently for news on his friends, a doctor arrives covered in blood to update the Polish man. The doctor says there was nothing more they could do for the American man, for his injuries have finished the man. The Polish man stands there is awe, and tells the doctor it was impossible that he died so quickly from a gunshot wound to the stomach. The doctor replies, he might have survived, if he wasn't skinned before he was brought in.
General in the desert This general in the Foreign Legion is transferred to a new fort, and half way through his tour of the place, he spots a mangey old camel tied up at the back of the fort. He turns to the corporal: "What in God's name do you use that for?", he asks. The corporal replies "Well, sir, there are a lot of men, and now and then, they become, shall we say, horny...." "Ah, yes, yes, I understand. Fine, move on" About 6 weeks later, the general wakes up feeling so horny, he'd get up on the crack of dawn and calls the corporal. "Bring me to the camel" says he. The corporal does, and once at the camel, he makes it stand up, and places a stool behind it. With that, the general stands on the stool, takes out his dick and inserts it into the camel. He then proceeds to give it the ride of its life. Having finished, he puts away his equipment, and looks proudly at the corporal. "Well", he says, "is that the way you men do it around here?" "Er...no, sir", replies the corporal, "We normally just use the camel to ride to the nearest brothel."
An Englishman, Irishman and a Scotsman apply to join MI6 The Englishman comes in for his interview and it goes really well, he has a glowing record in the Army and is a perfect fit for the job. At the end the interviewer asks him "Who do you love more, your country or your wife?" The Englishman replies "My country of course!" "OK" says the interviewer, "go through to the next room and shoot your wife" and he hands the Englishman a 9mm pistol. The Englishman takes the pistol and walks through to the next room, lo and behold is wife is there sitting at a table. He thinks back to all the years he has been married, how she has stuck with him through thick and thin throughout his military career. He goes back to the interviewer and hands over the gun, "I cannot do it, I love her too much". The Scotsman comes in for his interview and it goes brilliantly, he has an amazing record in the Navy and is a perfect fit for the job. At the end the interviewer asks him "Who do you love more, your country or your wife?" The Scotsman replies "My country of course!" "OK" says the interviewer, "go through to the next room and shoot your wife" and he hands the Scotsman a 9mm pistol. The Scotsman takes the pistol and walks through to the next room, lo and behold is wife is there sitting at a table. He thinks back to all the years she has stuck by him, on long deployments in the Navy, she has always been there for him when he returns. He goes back to the interviewer and hands over the gun, "I cannot do it, I love her too much". The Englishman and the Scotsman are in the waiting room and they see the Irishman go in for his interview. After a while they suddenly hear loud noises: BANG! BANG! BANG! a pause and then: THUD! THUD! THUD! ... THUD! A few seconds later the Irishman staggers out of the interview room covered in blood. The Englishman ans Scotsman shout at him "WHAT HAPPENED?!" The Irishman replies "Some idiot put blanks in the gun, so I beat her to death with the chair."
Shortest Joke I've Ever Heard; Dwarf shortage.
I'm so poor... I can't even **pay** attention
Triplets There are triplets in a mothers womb, talking about what they want to do when they grow up. The first triplet says "When I grow up, I will be an electrician, because it's too dark in here." The second triplet says "When I grow up, I will be a plumber, because it's too wet in here." The third triplet says, "When I grow up I want to be a boxer, so that I can beat up that bald guy who comes in here and spits on us all the time!"
A man goes to see a doctor and says, "Doctor, I have an orange dick!" The doctor thinks for a moment and says, "Hmmm... I believe this is related to stress possibly caused by finances. You should sell your house. Move into a smaller place." Two weeks later, the man returns to the doctor and says, "Doctor, I sold my house, moved into a smaller place, but I still have an orange dick!" The doctor leans back in his chair and after a moment says, "Hmmm... Maybe it was not your finances that were causing stress. It must then be stress related to work place. You should quit your job." Two weeks later, the man returns to the doctor and says, "Doctor, I sold my house, I quit my job, but I still have an orange dick!" The doctor scratches his head and says, "If it isn't work place then it must be stress at home. Its a tough decision but I think you should leave your wife." Two weeks later, the man returns to the doctor and says, "Doctor, I sold my house, I quit my job, I left my wife, but I STILL HAVE AN ORANGE DICK!" The doctor scratches his head, pulls his hair and asks, "I have removed the 3 biggest stress causing issues from your life and it hasn't helped! What do you do all day?" The man replies, "Eat cheetos and watch porn."
What's green and hangs from trees? Elephant snot. Funniest part is seeing people's reaction when you tell it.
Her Majesties Corgis One day a man was enjoying a pint at a pub located near Buckingham Palace. While he sat there, he couldn't help but notice another man drinking pint after pint with a gloomy face. Being a nice fellow, he decided to chat with the gentleman, and had the barkeep buy him a pint, as he sat next to him. "Say, Old Chap, why are you so down?" "My fucking life sucks!" "It can't be that bad. What is it you do for a living?" "I am the keeper of Her Majesties Corgis" "You don't say? That must be fascinating work!" "No it's horrible. Imagine having to deal with multiple generations of inbreeding. Those fuckers run around like crazy and are constantly barking and yapping. Hell, last week, one of them buggers bit me on the hand!" "Oh.. I could imagine this makes the Corgis hard to deal with." "I wasn't talking about the dogs."
I'm terrible with directions. Fuck me, left?
Maybe not a joke as much as a cute misunderstanding but... I cracked open a rape kit last weekend. I had never seen one before. Anyway, I obviously have been operating under a huge misconception. I laughed so hard, she got away.
A young man with a nervous stomach sits at the dinner table with his girlfriend's entire family. The uncomfortable bloat he feels is ruining his chances of making a good impression. Despite his heroic efforts a small fart leaks out. "Spot!" the grandma scolds. Looking down the young man sees the family dog cower near the base of his chair. "Great!" the young man thinks, "I'll let out just a little more to be comfortable and the dog will get blamed." Pfffft, the young man releases a little more gas. "Spot!" the grandma again scolds and the dog cowers in shame a little more. "This is AWESOME!" the young man thinks. "I'll just let out one more big one, the dog will get blamed and I can relax and charm the hell out of her parents." BRAAAAAAAPPP!!! the young man lets it loose. "Spot!" the grandma yells "Come here before he shits on you."
So a black man walks into a bar... A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender looks over, and then looks over at the parrot and says, "holy shit where did you get that?" The parrots like, "Africa".
Two guys walked in a bar and said.. The Game.
So there's this classroom full of students in china... ...and this kid named meng was making fun of the teacher. The teacher walks up to him and yells; now listen you... All of a sudden the kid next to him says, but meng did it not me.
A woman pregnant with triplets gets shot A 9 month pregnant woman with triplets is waiting in line at the bank when robbers run in and start firing shots. The woman gets shot in the belly 3 times and is taken to the hospital. After the surgery the nurse tells the woman that she will be fine and that her babies are fine too, however, this is an unusual situation where the bullets are in each of her babies and after some years the bullets will come out. Ten years later, one of her daughters comes crying to her. She asks, "whats wrong sweety?" "Mommy, I was peeing and a bullet came out," replied the daughter. The woman remembers what the nurse had told her years ago so she tells her daughter, "Its okay Christy. It happens." A couple weeks later, her second daughter comes crying to her. She asks, "whats wrong sweety?" "Mommy, I was peeing and a bullet came out," she says. The woman again calms down her daugher, "Its okay Jenny. It happens." A couple weeks later, her son comes crying to her. She asks, "what is it Johnny? Did you pee and a bullet came out?" Johnny says, "no. I was jacking off and I shot the dog!"
What do you call a food that turns black people on? An *afro*-disiac.
A bar on the top floor of a hotel A man walks into the bar on the top floor of a large hotel building. He's minding his own business, when he sees another fellow across the bar pound a shot, and jump right out the window! Moments later, the other man appears in the elevator, returns to the bar as if nothing had happened, pounds another shot, jumps out the window again, and repeats. After several cycles of this, the first man finally gets curious, so he goes up to the second and says, "I keep seeing you drink, jump out with window, and come back up the elevator. If you don't mind my asking, how do you do that??" "A combination of bourbon and gin!" he replies. "When mixed, the two spirits release an anti-gravity chemical into the body, and I float gently down to the street. It's quite fun!" It sounds too crazy to be true, but having seen it with his own eyes, the man orders a shot of bourbon and gin, leaps out the window, and falls to his bloody death on the pavement below. After this, the barman turns to the other patron and says, "Superman, you're a real asshole when you're drunk."
One day a blonde is driving down the highway.. Along side a dried up river. Then she notices another blonde rowing a canoe in the dry sand. Angry she pulls over her pink Hummer hops out and starts screaming " It's because of idiots like you that people give blondes such a bad name! If I could swim I'd go over there and kick your ass"
Why are ET's eyes so big? He got the phone bill
Yo' momma so stupid... she thought euthanasia was a student exchange program.
3 guys are stranded on an island... 3 men get stranded on an island. After wandering around a while, they are found by some tribesmen. The natives take them back to their hut. The chief tells them, "Go out into the jungle and collect 10 pieces of fruit." The first guy returns with 10 apples, and the chief says "Now shove them all up your ass without showing any emotion, or we'll kill you." He shoves the the first up, and is in terrible pain, but shows no emotion, but during the process of pushing up the second, he flinches, and therefore gets stabbed to death. The second guy comes back with 10 cherries, and gets told to do the same. He's finding it relatively easy, but when he gets to the eighth, starts laughing hysterically, and gets stabbed. He meets up with the first guy in heaven, and the first guy asks, "Why did you do that, why did you laugh?" and the second guy replies, "Well I nearly finished when I saw the next guy walking up with pineapples!"
There's a black guy in my family tree... he's still hanging there.
A woman went to the doctor... A woman went to the doctor with, from her perspective, a huge problem. She had always been ashamed of her private parts; her over-sized outer labias. They made her vagina look like an overweight camels mouth. One day, she couldn't take it anymore and went to the plastic surgeon to minimize them. The doctor understood her and because it was a kind of awkward subject, the doctor booked her up with a surgeon, who gave her an operation time so soon as possible. This was of course a very, very sensitive subject for the woman and because she was awfully ashamed she begged the doctor to absolutely not tell anybody! The big day came and the surgery went past with success. A few hours after the operation, the woman woke up in her hospital bed, to see three vases of flowers stand on the table on the side of her bed. She immediately became very afraid and paranoid over if her friends and family knew about her surgery. When the doctor came in to check up in her, she asked him: "Who are these flowers from? I begged you not to tell anybody!" "Don't worry! The first vase is from me," he said. "Because I have followed you through your hard time here and just wanted to congratulate you for the succeeded result!" "Oh, ok," she said. "But the second vase?!" "The second vase is from the nurse who assisted me during the surgery, because she was really inspired of your courage and strength to go through all this and she wanted to wish you good luck!" "Oh, ok," she said. "And I guess that the third vase of flowers are from the surgeon who preformed the operation on me?" "No, the third vase is from the guy in the next room, and he just wanted to thank for his new ears!"
Some people passed away from toxic fumes in the apartments I constructed. I was just making the ceilings asbestos I could.
The stutterer A man with a terrible stutter went to the doctor. After a thorough examination, the Doctor explained to the man that his huge penis was causing a problem with his diaphragm, which is why he was stuttering. Well, the man was desperate, as his stutter had kept him from being able to talk to women. So at his doctors suggestion, he had 3 inches cut off his dick. A couple of weeks later, the man was able to speak normally, and met the woman of his dreams. They got together for some happy-fun-time, but she was obviously disappointed when she saw the size of his dick. So the man returned to the doctor and said "Doctor, I can speak without a stutter now, but my girlfriend thinks my dick is too small. Can we put back the 3 inches you cut off?" The doctor looked at him and said "i-i-i-i-i am s-s-s-s-s-s-sorry, n-n-n-n-n-no c-c-c-c-c-an d-d-d-d-d-do."
What do you do if you come across a tiger? Wipe it off and apologise.
Zebra in Heaven. A zebra went to heaven. When he saw St. Peter he asked him "You know, I have always wondered, am I a white horse with black stripes or a black horse with white stripes?" St. Peter said he would have to ask God that question since he's the one that made him. So the zebra asked God, "God, am I a white horse with black stripes or a black horse with white stripes?" God answered, "You are what you are." The zebra left and came upon St. Peter and told him, "Well I asked God if I was a white horse with black stripes or a black horse with white stripes..." "What was the answer," St. Peter asked. "Well I still don't know. All He said was: 'You are what you are."' "Well that answers it," Said St. Peter. "You're a white horse with black stripes." "How do you know that?" asked the zebra. "Well if you were a black horse with white stripes He would have said: "You is what you is".
A woman couldn't stand her snoring dog... so one day she went to the vet to ask what she could do to stop the snoring. The vet suggested that she tie a ribbon around his balls, and he will stop snoring. He hands her a red ribbon, and she takes the advice. While the dog is sleeping, she ties the ribbon around his balls. Immediately the dog stops snoring, to the woman's surprise. However, this is when she learned he husband snores as well. She thought to herself whether the same technique will work. She goes to find more ribbon, and finds a blue ribbon to use. Thinking that there is no difference between the colors, she ties the ribbon around her sleeping husband's balls, and he too immediately stops snoring. The woman had the best night of sleep in years, and woke up early in order to go to work. Shortly after, her husband woke up and noticed the ribbon around his balls. He then looked to his dog and noticed a ribbon on his balls as well. In a state of confusion, he said, "I don't know what kind of competition we were in last night, but it looks like we placed first and second." EDIT: fixed the color issue
Short joke my dad used to tell me A man sees a pretty girl in a bar and asks if she wants to go back to his place. "I can't," she says, "I'm on my menstrual cycle." He leans over and says, "That's okay, I brought my moped."
Want To Hear A Knock Knock Joke? 2 Guys Walk Into A Bar
Two quick jokes How do you make a dog go meow? Freeze it in a block of ice an run it through a band-saw... MMMEEEOOOOWWWW! How do you make a cat go woof? Pour kerosene on it an drop a match... WOOOFF!
What's the best time of this month for vampires? It depends on the girl
Testing, please ignore Test^(ing)
This one's a groaner for sure, but still fun. Happy Halloween! A man is walking home alone late one foggy night... when behind him, he hears Bump... BUMP... BUMP... Walking faster, he looks back and through the fog he makes out the image of an upright casket banging its way down the middle of the street toward him. BUMP... BUMP... BUMP... Terrified, the man sprints toward his home, the casket bouncing quickly behind him FASTER... FASTER... BUMP... BUMP... BUMP... He runs up to his door, fumbles with his keys, opens the door, rushes in and slams and locks the door behind him. However, the casket crashes through his door, with the lid of the casket clapping-clappity-BUMP... clappity-BUMP... clappity-BUMP... on his heels, the terrified man runs. Rushing upstairs to the bathroom, the man locks himself in. His heart is pounding; his head is reeling; his breath is coming in sobbing gasps. With a loud CRASH the casket breaks down the door. Bumping and clapping toward him. The man screams and reaches for something, anything, but all he can find is a bottle of cough syrup! Desperate, he throws the cough syrup at the casket... and....... The coffin stops
How do lesbians keep things interesting in the bedroom? They think outside the box.
An Englishman, An American and A Korean are on a ship... The ship is in stormy waters, when suddenly a genie appears from the waves and tells them "I'm sorry, but you men will die in this storm. I have no power to prevent your death, but as some recompense I can grant you all one wish before you perish" The three great friends begin to think before answering the genie. The American answers first "I want the chance to sing the great national anthem of America one last time in full, and please genie allow the storm to quieten so that my friends may hear this wonderful tune and enjoy it" The genie replies that he can grant this wish The Korean next asks "It would make my last moments on this earth perfect if I could one last time eat the traditional food of my country, some sour and spicy cabbage soup, along with salted blood sausage and ice noodles - but I want enough so that I can share the last meal with my friends. "It will be done" answers the genie Finally the British man speaks up. "Please kill me before the song and the food:"
I ordered the special at a gay Chinese restaurant... The first course was the cream of summ yun gai
What's the worst place to run in to your ex girlfriend? Auschwitz
How do you know when a guy is really in love with his girlfriend? When he starts using condoms with other girls.
What's the darkest joke you know? I've always been a fan or dark humor, so, what's the darkest joke you know. no boundaries, no getting offended. please don't downvote anyone because you find it offensive, that's life, get over it.
Just a cute one about trick or treating. They come to one of those houses with no one handing out candy, just a rather large bowl with a sign saying "take a handful." The little boy sees the bowl and rather than grabbing his own candy asks his father to do it for him. The father doe and as they are walking away he asks his son why he didn't do it himself, and the son replies "You have bigger hands than I do!"
The only things that defy gravity are women... ...the heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
What are a redneck's last words? "Hey, guys, look what I can do!"
Nerd Joke: What's the difference between UDP and an epileptic? Only one of them shakes hands. I guess if you're worried about offending epileptics, you can swap out "epileptic" with "well-trained dog." I came up with this after hearing another UDP joke: "I know a great UDP joke, but you might not get it."
Grandpa's Rocking Chair A man came to visit his grandparents, and he noticed his grandfather sitting on the porch in the rocking chair wearing only a shirt, with nothing on from the waist down. 'Grandpa, what are you doing? Your goober is out in the wind for everyone to see!' he exclaimed. The old man slowly looked at him and said, 'Well....last week I sat out here with no shirt on and I got a stiff neck. This is your grandma's idea.'
In light of Eid Mubarak, here's one... *Mary had a little lamb ... Now she doesn't!* *Eid Mubarak :)*
Few people know about Ghandi's dark side and that while he was actually a very spiritual man,he was always very angry and mean whenever not in the public eye. He was constantly bent over in pain and barking at everyone that came near. One day, he was rude to an old lady passing by on the road, and much to his horror, the woman was actually a powerful witch. Because of his rudeness, the witch cursed Ghandi with horrendously bad breath, which plagued him for the rest of his days. From that day forth, he became known as the Super callous fragile mystic hexed with halitosis.
A granny comes to see a doctor - and the doctor is a granny too.
Did you hear about the fish that married the duck? They got along swimmingly
Why can't ghosts have babies? Because they have Hollow-Weenies!
The box A man decides to give up his 9 to 5 job and live a spiritual life at a monastery as a monk. Upon joining the monastery, the lead monk gives him a tour of the temple and the grounds. After a while, the man asks a question. "Father, I know this is the life I want to live, but I am not sure how I will deal with celibacy. How do you and the other monks resist temptation?" To which the monk replies, "We have a solution for that here" as he leads the man to an isolated room. The only thing in the room is a large box with a hole in it. "Whenever you have natural urges, just stick your penis in that hole and all your desires will be fulfilled," states the monk. "Really? You mean it? And I can do that whenever I want?" asks the man, overjoyed. "Yes. Any day besides Tuesday." "Well, what happens Tuesday?" "That's your day in the box."
A man has been riding through the desert for months without any female contact... ...he is trying to ignore the urges but they are getting worse with time. After a while he has a sudden idea, jumps off the camel, walks to the back, lifts the tail and lets out a happy shriek because the camel is female! However the target is quite high up. So the man starts collecting sand until there is a small hill he can stand on to reach the camel's rear. As he pulls down his trousers though, he camel chews lazily and takes a big step forward. "Damn!" shouts the man as he now has to go through the whole palaver again. But his urges lend him a big hand and after he has pulled his trousers up again and makes another hill. Once he dropped his pants, the camel chews and takes yet another step forward. The man is going mad but he does what he did before, just for the camel to step forward every time. In the evening sun, the small mountains show up on the horizon just like beads. After a loooong while doing this, the man can suddenly hear a faint voice: "Heeeelp!" He stops building the current hill and runs towards the female voice. Eventually he finds the source. It is a big busted blonde who wears only rags. She seems desperate and whispers: "Please give me water, I'll do anything." "Riiiight on!" He runs like a lunatic to his camel, gets the water bottle. Runs back and lets the blonde drink. When she is finished she smiles. "Thank you kind stranger and what would you like me to do for you?" Excited he answers: "Please can you hold my camel still!"
What do you call the useless skin around the vagina? The woman.
a little corny but here it goes...what can u make with onions and baked beans? tear gas
What did one casket say to the other? Is that you coughin?
I was sitting at my desk, trying to think of a double entendre... ...but it got really hard.
Want to hear a joke about a jump rope? Nah let's just skip it.
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Baraccoli
What is Irish and sits on the porch? Patty O'Furniture
Assisted Living A Mexican family was considering putting their grandfather in an assisted living home. Unfortunately, all the Catholic facilities were completely full so they had to put him in a Jewish home. After a few weeks in the Jewish facility, they came to visit their abuelo... "How do you like it here?" asks the grandson. "It's wonderful, everyone here is so courteous and respectful," says grandpa. "We're so happy for you. We were worried that this was the wrong place for you. You know, since you are a little different from everyone." "Oh, no! Let me tell you about how wonderfully they treat the residents here," grandpa says with a big smile. "There's a musician here -- he's 85 years old. He hasn't played the violin in 20 years and everyone still calls him "Maestro". "There is a judge in here -- he's 95 years old. He hasn't been on the bench in 30 years and everyone still calls him "Your Honor". "And there's a physician here that is 90 years old. He hasn't practiced medicine for 25 years and everyone still calls him "Doctor" "And me, I haven't had sex for 35 years and they still call me 'The F---ing Mexican"
What kind of bees produce milk? Boobies!
I had phone sex for the first time the other day... My dick got stuck in the 8! I tried to dial 911 but that just made it worse! It was a rotary!
"I have a newt named Tiny." "Why do you call it Tiny?" "Because it's my newt."
The magic of English. What is shorter when it is longer and longer when it is shorter; also bigger when it is smaller and smaller when it is bigger? A word. LONGER is shorter than SHORTER, and SMALLER is bigger than BIGGER.
Figured this is an appropriate time to tell this. What is an Undertaker's favorite element? Barium.
A Man Goes to the Doctor . . . A man goes to the doctor for his yearly checkup, and the doctor says to him, "Well, I've got some bad news for you. It seems that you've been masturbating too much. I'm afraid you're going to have to stop masturbating." The man, shocked to find this out, responds "Wait, what do you mean!? Stop masturbating? When can I start again?" The doctor responds, "Well I'd appreciate it if you waited until you left my office." *edit: works well if told as a story. "so I went to the doctor the other day, and he said. . ."
What's the difference between a nicely dressed man on a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle? [x-post from r/bicycling] Attire
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar The bartender asked, "why the long face?"
The bird dog Billy Bob decides he wants to go duck hunting and needs a bird dog. His partner tells him to be sure to get one with a nice tight asshole, otherwise the dog will fill up with water and sink. So Billy Bob goes to the local kennel and asks to see the bird dogs. The owner takes him to a pen and lets him in. Billy Bob grabs a dog by the tail, lifts it up, looks at it's asshole, shakes his head, puts it down, and moves to the next dog repeating the process. After about a dozen dogs, the owner asks him if there is a problem. Bob tells him he's going duck hunting and needs a dog with a tight asshole so it doesn't fill up with water and sink. The owner walks over, grabs a dog by the tail, lifts it up, grabs it's balls with the other hand, gives the balls a vicious twist, the dogs asshole cinches tight, and the owner says "Sorry, these were adjusted for quail".
Mitt Romney and the King of Saudi-Arabia are having a dinner party... ...the mood of the night is very good and after they spent a while talking about what new amazing things they have bought for themselves and the amount of money they managed to acquire in the past year, as well as all sorts of political matters they come to some lighter topics. So the King says to Mitt: "I really like parts of American culture, especially American television. My favourite show in the world is 'Star Trek'. But I only have one question about it. On the ship there are Asians, Caucasians, Africans, Latin- and Native Americans and all sorts of other people from around the world and the universe, but there are no Arabs on the ship. Why is that?" Mitt shruggs his shoulders and replies: "Well it is set in the future..."
Mittens keeping it cool. A man dies, goes to heaven, stands before St. Peter, and see a huge wall of clocks. The man asks what all the clocks are for and St. Peter explains, "These are lie clocks. Everyone on earth has a lie clock. Every time a person lies, the clock hands move." Pointing to one, the man says, "Whose clock is that?" "That's Mother Teresa's," St. Peter answers. "The hands have never moved, indicating she never told a lie." "Incredible," the man responds. "And whose clock is that?" St. Peter responds, "That's Abraham Lincoln's. The hands moved twice telling us he told two lies in his entire life." "Where is Mitt Romney's clock?" the man asks. "Romney's clock is in Jesus' office," St. Peter says. "He's using it as a ceiling fan."
What has seven arms and sucks? Def Leppard
A Blonde Joke A blonde woman and her dad decided to take a trip to Egypt for their vacation. A few hours into the hike in the desert, the blonde realizes she's lost her dad. Thinking she can easily call him, the woman checks her cellphone. Unfortunately there's no signal. However, she sees in a distance, a bar. "There has to be a phone there!" she says to herself. Upon arriving at the bar, she tells the bartender, "Excuse me, sir but I really need to use your phone; I lost my dad!" "Sorry the phone is for employees only" the bartender replies. The blonde grows desperate and begins thinking. "Please.. I'll do ANYTHING to use the phone". "Anything huh?" She nods. The bartender gets the hint and takes her down to a dimly lit back room. He locks the door. "Get on your knees". The blonde crouches down. "Unzip my pants" the bartender commands. The blonde slowly unzips his pants. "Now pull it out". She reaches in and pulls out his penis. "You know what to do. Go on." The blonde clears her throat. "Hello? Dad?"
A ventriloquist is worried about his future so he goes to see his agent... His bookings have dried up because his act seems a little old hat. His agent tells him he should go into fortune telling. Its very popular he says. So the ventriloquist gets some training and meets his first client. He tells her for $10 he'll tell her about her financial future. For $20 he'll tell her about her romantic future. She asks what she gets for $30. He says she gets the same info. But he tells her while drinking a glass of water.
Project: Reimagined There once was a secret government program that tried to create perfect soldiers through genetic modification, cloning, and strenuous conditioning. What they wanted to achieve was the normal super soldier run down: - Super strong - Super fast - Super smart - Super obedient They started out by impregnating 10 women with the altered embryos. For the sake of confidentiality the clones were numbered instead of named, 1-10. The modifications seemed to work in some of the clones, but it caused some strange side effects in the other ones, not all of them survived childhood. The first to go was 8. She wasn't told to eat, so she starved. Then it was 2 and 10. 2 had become dangerously aggressive and attacked 10, who fought back just well enough. Next went 4 to some disconnect in her nervous system. Then 1, when she tried to escape after a mental break down. 3 and 5 committed suicide. The project was terminated after an incident where 9 went missing. In the file there was what seemed to be a transcript from an interview of 6, the terrified clone who witnessed it. "Dr: Where has 9 gone? Has she told you her plan after she escaped. 6: 9 didn't escape. Dr: What are you talking about? The whole base has been searched! 9 is nowhere to be found! Where is 9? 6: You aren't listening! 9 didn't escape, 7 killed her! Dr: What? How? How did she kill her and then get rid of the body? 6: Isn't it obvious Doctor? 7 ate 9."
2 old buddies mourning the loss of a friend 2 old friends are catching up at an old pal's funeral. One takes a moment to pause and finally asks the question. "So... How'd it happen?" To which the other responds. "Well, as I understand it, he went to the doctor the other day and the doctor said he was 'as healthy as a horse.' But on the way home he broke a leg."
I got caled into jury duty today... That's going to result in a well hung jury.
Two old guys were chatting in the park. "You know, my wife and I were happy for 40 years," said one guy. "What happened?" asked the other guy. "We met," sighed the first.
Why did the Muslim cross the road? I said to my self as I floored the accelerator. Although I guess he did get to the other side.
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister are sitting in a boat... The priest says, "I'm thirsty. I'm going to the shore to get something to drink." So he walks across the water to the shore, gets a soda, walks back across the water, and gets back in the boat. A little while later, the minister says, "I'm thirsty. I'm going to the shore to get something to drink." So the minister gets up, walks to the shore, gets a soda, and walks back, just like the priest did. The rabbi thinks to himself "Hey, that's pretty cool. I think I'll try it." So the rabbi gets up, saying "I'm thirsty, I'm going to the shore to get something to drink." So he steps out of the boat and drowns. Then the priest says to the minister, "Do you think we should have told him about the rocks?"
A man was lying in bed next to his new girlfriend After having great sex, she spent the next hour rubbing his testicles. This was something she loved to do. As he was enjoying it, he turned to ask her "Why do you love doing that?" "Because.." she replied, "I really miss mine."
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic ocean with the Titanic? Half way.
Man walks into a brothel... ...slaps down $500 on the counter, and tells the Madam that he wants the ugliest, nastiest, most toothless old broad she has, plus a rotten egg sandwich. The Madam looks back at him, confused, and says "Sir, for this much money, you could have one of our most beautiful women and a steak dinner." The man replies "I'm not horny, I'm homesick."
A door to door salesman walks up to an old man sitting on his porch The old man has a mean looking dog sitting by his feet. The salesman stops short of the porch, and says "does your dog bite?" "Nope" says the old man Reassured, the salesman steps up onto the porch. The dog lunges at him and latches onto his arm, shaking his head back and forth. After finally wrestling the dog off of him, he yells "what the fuck, I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!" The old man stares at him for a minute and then cracks a smile "That's not my dog."
(really fucked up joke) How do you say happiness in German? Auschwitz
Mitt Romney
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
What is the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly your dick down a girls throat
2 weeks sober. I'm 2 weeks Sober, Unintentionally. Now I'm sitting here wondering why good things happen, to bad people.
What kind of jacket would Michael J. Fox wear if he was black? [OC] A parka, son.
back of the bus.... There once was an old school bus driver who in his age, had plenty of wisdom. One day he over heard the white kids and the black kids yelling about who should sit in the front of the bus, and who should sit in the back. He quickly pulled the bus over and threw it in park then ordered everyone off the bus. He proceeded to give an inspirational message about how there was no black or white. "We should all look at ourselves as green from this point on!" Feeling like he got his point across he ordered the children back onto the bus, "I want the dark green kids in the back and light green kids upfront!"
An Indian walks into a brothel... ...and says to the madam, "Me want woman." The madam looks him over and says, "Well, have you ever been with a woman before?" The Indian says, "Mmm, no." So the madam decides to help him out. "Alright," she says, "if you go just outside here, turn left, follow this street down for 4 blocks, take another left, go 2 blocks, and then take a right, you'll see a park. You'll need to walk about a quarter of a mile into a park, where you'll find a tree. This tree has a hole in it, so I want you to go out there to the tree and practice a few times before you actually try going with a real woman. When you think that you've got the hang of it, come back and I'll set you up with one of my girls." The Indian agrees to this and leaves. Several weeks pass and the madam doesn't see the Indian. Finally, about a month and a half after their first meeting, the Indian returns to the brothel. "Me want woman," he says. "Did you do like I said?" the madam asked. "Mm, yes." "So you went left down the street, went 4 blocks, turned left for 2 more blocks, and then found the tree in the park with the hole in it?" "Yes," the Indian says. "And you made sure to practice with the tree?" The Indian nods. "Alright," the madam says, and sends him up to a room with one of her girls. A few minutes pass, and suddenly the madam hears screaming from upstairs. She rushes up to the room and bursts through the door. Inside, the Indian has the girl backed up to a corner and is brandishing a broom at her lady bits. "What the hell are you doing?!" the madam cries. The Indian turns to her and says, "This time, me check for bees."
Did you hear about the Native American who drank 1000 glasses of tea? He drown in his tea pee.
A psychologist tells the troubled man: tell me about your childhood. man: it was a horrible time doc, I used to have a twin and everyone accused me for all the troubles he made. psychologist: what did you do about it? man: i had my revenge last week.. psychologist: how? man: I died and they buried him instead.
How do black people make fruit salad? They mix watermelon and grape soda. (On a side note, I'm not racist. I just think black people and racist jokes are funny.)
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile? "Robin, get in the Batmobile."
Do I Know You? A guy goes to the supermarket and notices an attractive woman waving at him. She says hello. He's rather taken aback because he can't place where he knows her from. So he says, 'Do you know me? To which she replies, 'I think you're the father of one of my kids! Now his mind travels back to the only time he has ever been unfaithful to his wife and says, "Are you the stripper from the bachelor party that I made love to on the pool table with all my buddies watching while your partner whipped my butt with wet celery???" She looks into his eyes and says calmly, "No, I'm your son's teacher."
So last night I fell off my balcony... Instead of falling and getting really badly hurt, I kinda just floated down to the ground... landing without a scratch. The news spread fast and everyone was wondering how that happened. I was later asked to explain the whole event, but I couldn't. I guess I just didn't get the whole gravity of the situation.
What did A and B look for at the beach? A "C" gull!
Free Willy.....Again?!?!?! Why da phuq! Did they have to "free Willy" so many f***ing times?!?!
What did the booger say to the finger? Pick on someone your own size.
How many Mexicans does it take to build a.... never mind, they're done
Today my friend met Chewbacca... ...she said he was "A big stupid fur ball." So he picked her up ripped of her arms and threw her out of a window. I mean everyone knows not to insult Chewbacca like that. She made a Wookie Mistake.
Death or Kutomba? [possibly NSFW] Three men go hunting in jungles of central Africa. Unfortunately, they get caught by the local tribes. Tribal Chief to the first man," Do you want death or Kutomba?" The man thinks, anything is better than death. He replies,"Kutomba." Immediately he is grabbed by other tribal people. His clothes are torn apart and is fucked in his ass by a three foot long bamboo stick for 15 mins. Tribal Chief to the second man," Do you want death or Kutomba?" The man thinks, I have a family to support. I will suffer humiliation for them. He replies,"Kutomba." He also is grabbed by other tribal people, made to bend forward. His clothes are torn apart and is fucked in his ass by the same bamboo stick for 30 min. Tribal Chief to the third man," Do you want death or Kutomba?" The man thinks, I have lived my life. I don't want to get humiliated in this manner. Anything is better than this. He replies,"Death." The Chief declares, " Give him Kutomba till he dies."
What do you call a horny skeleton? A boner *ba dum tssssssss*
This was the first long joke I ever learned. Interview with a pirate. There was a pirate who had agreed to do an interview with a local tv station. The reporter was very courteous and professional, giving a bit of background as to the pirate's business. She then began interviewing him. "So Mr. Longbeard, are there any risks to your business? I see you have a peg leg- how did that come about?" "Well, y'see I were sailing along the coast of South Africa, looking to plunder some locals when as I boarded the small boat from the ship, a great white shark came up and got my leg clean off. 'twas scary yes, but thus is the life of a pirate." "Wow, that is pretty scary- well, how about your hook? What happened to your hand with that?" "Oh now that's quite the tale, y'see I were fighting a rival pirate, and we had locked swords. We had been fighting for a few hours, and were both terribly fatigued. I had a bit of exhaustion and confusion, and when I went to block one of his sword blows, I met him with me hand instead of me sword. Took it right off, but it shocked him so much I managed to get him back pretty good and have him submit. So the hook hand was given as a replacement." "Wow. Simply fascinating. Now, what about your eye patch? How did that happen?" "Well, one day, a seagull was flying overhead, and I looked up. It pooped right in me eye." "... Well wow. I must admit, I wouldn't think just seagull poop could damage the eye that badly." "Oh, I forgot to mention... it were me first day with the hook."
Heaven was getting kinda crowded... So St. Peter decreed that only people who had had an exceptionally bad day when they died would be permitted access. He told all the applicants to Heaven to line up and started interviewing them one by one. He asks the first guy what had happens the day he died and he said "It was awful. I suspected my wife was having an affair, but I couldn't prove it. So I came home early without telling her. She was naked in bed, but the guy wasn't there. I searched all the rooms, then went out onto the balcony where a guy was hanging off the edge. So I got a hammer and began smashing at his fingers. He fell, but the lucky bastard landed in some bushes and was still alive. So I got the fridge and threw it on him. But the strain of lifting was too much and I had a heart attack just afterwards." St. Peter decides that was a very bad day and the murder was justified, so he lets the dude in. He then asks the next dud in line, who responds " Well, I was doing aerobic exercises on my balcony, when I suddenly fell off the edge. I managed to grip the railing of the balcony below me, but this random dude whacks my fingers with a hammer, then throws a fridge on me!" St. Peter lets him in and turns to the third guy in line. "What's the story of your death?" The third guy responds, "Picture this. I'm naked, hiding in a refrigerator..."
Obama wants another chance
Can anyone help me remember a joke? My father used to tell it. It involves 2 Congolese soldiers who decide to sneak out of camp one night. They steal a sergeant's decorations and head to town, pretending to be sergeants, where they meet a French prostitute who gives them syphilis. I don't remember the punchline or anything else about it.
What did the pirate with the steering wheel in his pants say? "Argh it's driving me nuts!"
Why did the hippie drown in the ocean? He was too far out.
**What do you call it when an asian family has a feud** **LONG** division
What does a 72 year old snatch taste like? Depends...
Woman and her Cat What did the woman do when a lemon tree fell her cat? Nothing, she just stood there with a sour puss
Q: How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time? Cholera, bitch.
How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool? Flip it over!
Why don't witches have babies? Because their men have hollow-weenies!
Why is sorority row the safest place to be during a zombie invasion? Cause the zombies are looking for braaaaaaaains
What do Jimmy Saville's victims and Aston Villa fans have in common? They're still talking about what happened in 1982.
I held a convention for solipsists. Nobody else showed up. So I sent everyone home.
Why was Yoda afraid of 7? Because 6 7 8.
Judging by the mess in the living room. Babies don't bounce.
How many vampires does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they prefer the dark.
Why does the hipster make crappy coffee? The beans are always under-ground.
This Halloween on the East Coast I heard a lot of people are going to be the Scorpions this Halloween. Because we're gonna get rocked like a hurricane.
What do fat girls and bricks have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.
Why you shouldn't take your husband shopping After I retired, my wife insisted that I accompany her on her trips to Target. Unfortunately, like most men, I found shopping boring and preferred to get in and get out. Equally unfortunate, my wife is like most women  she loves to browse. Yesterday my dear wife received the following letter from the local Target. Dear Mrs. Samuel, Over the past six months, your husband has caused quite a commotion in our store. We cannot tolerate this behavior and have been forced to ban both of you from the store. Our complaints against your husband, Mr. Samuel, are listed below and are documented by our video surveillance cameras. 1) June 15: Took 24 boxes of condoms and randomly put them in other people's carts when they weren't looking. 2) July 2: Set all the alarm clocks in House wares to go off at 5-minute intervals. . 3) July 7: He made a trail of tomato juice on the floor leading to the women's restroom. 4) July 19: Walked up to an employee and told her in an official voice, Code 3 in House wares. Get on it right away'. This caused the employee to leave her assigned station and receive a reprimand from her Supervisor that in turn resulted with a union grievance, causing management to lose time and costing the company money. 5) August 4: Went to the Service Desk and tried to put a bag of M&amp;Ms on layaway. 6) August 14: Moved a CAUTION  WET FLOOR' sign to a carpeted area. 7) August 15: Set up a tent in the camping department and told the children shoppers he'd invite them in if they would bring pillows and blankets from the bedding department to which twenty children obliged. 8) August 23: When a clerk asked if they could help him he began crying and screamed, Why can't you people just leave me alone?' EMTs were called. 9) September 4: Looked right into the security camera and used it as a mirror while he picked his nose. 10) September 10: While handling guns in the hunting department, he asked the clerk where the antidepressants were. 11) October 3: Darted around the store suspiciously while loudly humming the Mission Impossible' theme. 12) October 6: In the auto department, he practiced his Madonna look' by using different sizes of funnels. 13) October 18: Hid in a clothing rack and when people browsed through, yelled PICK ME PICK ME!' 14) October 21: When an announcement came over the loud speaker, he assumed a fetal position and screamed OH NO! IT'S THOSE VOICES AGAIN! 15) October 23: Went into a fitting room, shut the door, waited awhile, then yelled very loudly, Hey! There's no toilet paper in here.' One of the clerks passed out.
What do you call Jimmy Savile walking down the street? [British] ... a paedestrian... *grabs coat, shuffles out of room in silent shame*
So a irishman walks out of a pub
The thing I love most about this fall weather is the UGG boots and yoga pants.. ... Though, they do make me look a bit gay.
Why are there no joke about Jonestown? The punchlines are too long.
while getting ready for the hurricane I noticed there was less people in the snack isle than the water isle... I'm just kidding, I live in America.
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter? Pumpkin Pi
I'm a trustworthy friend. Count on me to tell you when our relationship is over.
A man goes to the doctor worried... "doctor," he says, "My farts don't have any smell! I have no idea why, they are completely odorless! I am very concerned." the doctor confused asks, " well, is there a way you could demonstrate?" the man agrees and begins to completely rip ass in the doctors office, he farts non stop until he is out of gas. "you see!" exclaims the man, "no smell!" the doctor then says, "here, take these pills, they should fix your problem." a week passes and the man comes back with a smile on his face, "doctor you are a genius! My farts are back to their normal smell! I must ask though, what were those pill you gave me?" the doctor then replies, "Nasal decongestant..."
condoms used correctly Jane and Arlene are outside their nursing home, having a drink and a smoke, when it starts to rain. Jane pulls out a condom, cuts off the end, puts it over her cigarette, and continues smoking. Arlene: What s that? Jane: A condom. This way my cigarette doesn't get wet. Arlene: Where did you get it? Jane: You can get them at any pharmacy. The next day, Arlene hobbles herself into the local pharmacy and announces to the pharmacist that she wants a box of condoms. The pharmacist, obviously embarrassed, looks at her kind of strangely (she is, after all, over 80 years of age), but very delicately asks what brand of condom she prefers. 'Doesn't matter Sonny, as long as it fits on a Camel.' The pharmacist fainted.
Why did the hipster fail chemistry? He thought the bond was ironic.
A Nun, a Priest, and a Rabbi walk into a bar... The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Blonde vs. Space A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were taking a tour inside of NASA space center. The tour-guide asked them "What planet or other object in our universe would you go to?" The red head said. "I'd go to Saturn!" The brunette said, "I'd go to the Moon!" The blonde said "I'd go to the Sun!" The tour-guide looked at the blonde. "But if you go the Sun, you'll burn up and die." The blonde rolled her eyes and replied calmly. "What, do you think I'm stupid? I'd go at night!"
Butterfly A 5th grade student, Jimmy, was sitting in class. The teacher was asking all the students to name their favourite bug. Soon it was Jimmy's turn to say his favourite bug. Teacher: What's your favourite bug Jimmy? Jimmy: Butterfly's The teacher was furious at Jimmy. The teacher was so upset that he immediately sent Jimmy down to the office. Jimmy went to the office and sat down. At some point the principal came along and starting talking to Jimmy. Principal: What are you doing here Jimmy? Jimmy: My teacher made me come here. Principal: Why? Jimmy: I said 'Butterfly' in class. The principal got very mad. He immediately told Jimmy to leave the school and walk home. Jimmy ended up walking home from school. He went inside his house and sat down on his couch, when he was approached by his mother. Mother: What are you doing home Jimmy? Jimmy: I said a bad word at school today. Mother: What did you say? Jimmy: If I tell you, you will just get mad at me. Mother: No I won't. I promise. Jimmy: I said 'Butterfly'. His mother was very angry. She told Jimmy to go to his room and not come out until she said so. So Jimmy walked into his room and sat down. A little while later Jimmy's grandfather walked into the room. Grandfather: What are you doing home from school? Jimmy: I said a bad word at school today. Grandfather: What did you say? Jimmy: If I tell you, you will just get mad at me. Grandfather: No I won't. I promise. Jimmy: I said 'Butterfly'. Jimmy's grandfather was furious. He told Jimmy to go outside and sit on the lawn to think about what he had done. Jimmy walked outside and sat on the lawn. Jimmy's father was doing some gardening and approached Jimmy. Father: What are you doing home Jimmy? Jimmy: I said a bad word at school today. Father: What did you say? Jimmy: If I tell you, you will just get mad at me. Father: No I won't. I promise. Jimmy: I said 'Butterfly'. As you can imagine, Jimmy's Father was very upset. He couldn't even look at Jimmy, so he told Jimmy to go sit on the sidewalk. As Jimmy was walking to the sidewalk, a car came and hit Jimmy. What's the moral of the story? [Look both ways before you cross the street.](/spoiler)
best joke ever! The Dallas Cowboys.
A moth goes into a podiatrist's office... A moth goes into a podiatrist's office, and the podiatrist's office says, "What's the problem?" And the moth says "What's the problem? Where do I begin, man?" He goes, "I go to work for Gregory Illinivich, and uh, all day long I work. Honestly doc, I don't even know what I'm doing anymore. I don't even know if Gregory Illinivich knows. He only knows that he has power over me, and that seems to bring him happiness. But I don't know, I wake up in a malaise, and I walk here and there." And the podiatrist says, "Oh yeah?" And the moth goes, "Yes." And he goes, "Uh, at night I...I sometimes wake up and I turn to some old lady in my bed that's on my arm. A lady that I once loved, doc. I don't know where to turn to. My youngest, Alexendria, she fell in the...in the cold of last year. The cold took her down, as it did many of us. And my other boy, and this is the hardest pill to swallow, doc. My other boy, Gregarro Ivinalititavitch... I no longer love him. As much as it pains me to say, when I look in his eyes, all I see is the same cowardice that I... that I catch when I take a glimpse of my own face in the mirror. If only the cowardice was stronger then perhaps...perhaps I could bring myself to reach over to that cocked and loaded gun that lays on the bedside behind me and end this hellish facade once and for all." He says, "Doc, sometimes I feel like a spider, even though I'm a moth, just barely hanging on to my web with an everlasting fire underneath me. I'm not feeling good. And so the doctor says, "Moth, man, you're troubled. But you should be seeing a psychiatrist. Why on earth did you come here?" And then the moth said, "'Cause the light was on."
A frog walks into a bank... ...and walks up to the teller, Pat E. Black. "I'd like to take out a loan" Pat asks the frog, "What do you have for collateral?" The frog reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small insignificant trinket. "This is all I have" Pat laughs. "We can't take that." The frog, furious, asks to see her supervisor. The supervisor comes out from the break room, and Pat explains the situation. "It doesn't have any monetary value, so I denied him" The supervisor rolls his eyes "Its a nic knack, Pat E Black. Give the frog a loan!"
A drunk is leaning against a lightpost... A drunk (D) is leaning against a lightpost on the corner of a busy street. Whilst gazing blearily around, he notices a smartly dressed young man (YM) standing a few feet away, watching the people pass by. As D is watching, a lovely lady comes walking along, and the YM says something to her. She immediately smiles, shakes her head, and takes his hand. The two of them together go up the stairs of a nearby row house, and inside. A short while later, the two come back down the stairs, grinning from ear to ear. They embrace affectionately, and the lady departs. This happens several times in the next few hours with different ladies. Once the lady frowned, and after some further words from YM, merely nodded her head and walked on. The drunk strained his ears to hear what was being said, but just couldn't make it out. Finally, his curiosity overcame his need for vertical support, and he stumbled over to the young man. D: Shay, bud. Wha' goin on? YM: Yes, I saw you watching. I wondered when you would come over. Well, it's like this. I watch the people. When I see a lady that takes my fancy, I walk up to her and say, softly, "Tickle your ass with a feather?" If she is agreeable to the idea, we go upstairs to my room, and have a good time. If she becomes upset, I merely say, "Typical nasty weather." She assumes that she misheard me the first time, and just keeps going. I can't loose! D: (now swaying) Thas a great idea! Ill have to run home and try it mysel. So the drunk wobbles to his own home and stands leaning against the fence. Soon a very lovely lady comes (VLL) walking briskly along, and the drunk decides that this is his CHANCE. So he stumbles over to the lady and grabs her arm. VLL: Yes? D: (shouting) HEY BABE, C'N I STICK A FEATHER UP YOUR ASS? VLL: WHAT? D: (looking at the sky) FUCKIN RAIN!
"Wolfgang Mozart", says Mozart's friend... "What?!" replies Mozart. Then they are both eaten by a gang of wolves.
My grandpa told me this the other day, a man checks into a hotel and finds that his tv isn't working. Most of the channels work but a few are fuzzy, including the porn channels. So he goes downstairs and asks the attendent in the lobby, "Is the porn disabled here?" She responds with "I'm sorry but it's just regular porn."
How did the pollock die raking leaves? He fell out of the tree.
So a redditor was on a date with his girlfriend...
Mrs Smith &amp; The Expert. The Smiths, a young couple, have no children and they decide to get in some help, by way of a man who is supposed to be an expert in what is needed. Leaving for work, Mr. Smith says, "I'm off. The expert should be here soon." Moments later a door-to-door baby photographer rings the bell. Mrs. Smith: "Good morning." Salesman: "Good morning, madam. You don't know me, but I've come to..." Mrs. Smith: (Interrupting) "No need to explain, I've been expecting you." Salesman: "Really? Well, good. I've made a specialty of babies, specially twins." Mrs. Smith: "That's what my husband and I had hoped. Please come in and have a seat." Salesman: (Sitting) "Then you don't need to be sold on the idea?" Mrs. Smith: "Don't concern yourself. My husband and I both agree this is the right thing to do." Salesman: "Well, perhaps we should get down to it?" Mrs. Smith: (Blushing) "Just where do we start?" Salesman: "Leave everything to me. I usually try two in the bathtub, one on the couch and perhaps a couple on the bed. Sometimes the living room floor allows the subject to really spread out." Mrs. Smith: "Bathtub, living room floor? No wonder it hasn't worked for Harry and me." Salesman: "Well, madam, none of us can guarantee a good one every time, but if we try several locations and I shoot from six or seven angles, I'm sure you'll be pleased with the results. In fact, my business card says, 'I aim to please.'" Mrs. Smith: "Pardon me, but isn't this a little informal?" Salesman: "Madam, in my line of work, a man must be at ease and take his time. I'd love to be in and out in five minutes, but you'd be disappointed with that." Mrs. Smith: "Don't I know! Have you had much success at this?" Salesman: (Opening his briefcase and finding baby pictures) "Just look at this picture. Believe it or not, it was done on top of a bus in downtown London." Mrs. Smith: "Oh, my!!" Salesman: "And here are pictures of the prettiest twins in town. They turned out exceptionally well when you consider their mother was so difficult to work with." Mrs. Smith: "She was?" Salesman: "Yes, I'm afraid so. I finally had to take her down to Hyde Park to get the job done right. I've never worked under such impossible conditions. People were crowding around four and five deep, pushing to get a good look." Mrs. Smith: "Four and five deep?" Salesman: "Yes and for more than three hours, too. The mother got so excited she started bouncing around, squealing and yelling at the crowd. I couldn't concentrate. I'm afraid I had to ask a couple of men to restrain her. By that time darkness was approaching and I began to rush my shots. When the squirrels began nibbling on my equipment I just packed it all in." Mrs. Smith: "You mean they actually chewed on your, eh.., equipment?" Salesman: "That's right, but it's all in a day's work. I consider my work a pleasure. I've spent years perfecting my patented technique. Now take this baby, I shot this one in the front window of a big department store." Mrs. Smith: "I just can't believe it." Salesman: "Well, madam, if you're ready, I'll set up my tripod so that we can get to work." Mrs. Smith: "TRIPOD?!?" Salesman: "Oh yes, I have to use a tripod to rest my equipment on. It's much too heavy and unwieldy for me to hold while I'm shooting. Mrs. Smith?... Mrs. Smith?... My goodness, she's fainted!"
I have a step ladder its a nice ladder, but I wish I knew my real ladder.
Bowling Ball Delivery A semi truck driver is hired to deliver a load of bowling balls from Houston to Atlanta. He gets a bonus if he gets it there in under twenty four hours. He's speeding down the highway when he sees two black men walking with a bike. They flag him down and he pulls over. They ask him for a ride since their bike chain was broken. He asks them where they're headed. They tell him that they are headed to a small town in Louisiana. He says "Hop in the back, that's right on my way". They climb in the back. The driver is behind schedule so he goes even faster than before. He is nearly at the border of Texas and Louisiana when he's pulled over by a state trooper. The state trooper walks up to the truck and says "Do you have any idea how fast you were going?" The driver explains that he has an important delivery that has to be in Atlanta by tomorrow. "Mind if I take a look in the back?" The driver agrees and the officer walks to the back of the trailer. Moments later he runs back. "Sorry for taking your time. Go ahead." The driver is confused but continues on his way. He finally makes it into Louisiana (still speeding) and is pulled over by another state trooper. The officer starts to walk up to the window when a car speeds up and stops next to him. It was the officer form earlier. Frantically, he yells "Stop! He's got a trailer full of nigger eggs in the back and two of them already hatched and stole a bike!"
A woman without any arms or legs is lying on the beach...(yea its gonna be one of those jokes) A man is walking down a beach and sees a woman without any arms or legs lying there, crying. He walks over and asks "why are you crying?" to which the woman replies "in all my life, i've never been kissed". So he bends over and kisses her. As he's walking away, he hears her start crying again. He walks back and again asks why she is still crying. She says"in all my life ive never seen a dick". The man shows her his penis, but is getting annoyed. As he is walking away he hears her start crying again. This time he is really irritated because he has already kissed her and showed her his dick, so when he returns he yells "why the hell are you still crying!!" to which she replies "in all my life ive never been fucked". So he picks her up, tosses her in the water and yells "YOU'RE FUCKED NOW!"
Knock knock! Who's there? Banana. Banana who? Knock knock! Who's there? Banana. Banana who? Knock knock! Who's there? Banana. Banana who? Knock knock! WHO'S THERE?! Orange. Orange who??? Orange you glad I didn't say banana? =D haters gonna hate. *whistles*
What do you get when you move 32 Texans into the same room? A full set of teeth
What time does an Asian go to the dentist? Toof Hurty.
What do mathematicians do when they are constipated? They get a pencil and work it out.
A farmer was working in his field one morning..... When a young lad walked by along the road carrying a roll of wire over his shoulder. "What you got there sonny?" asks the farmer. "Chicken wire." replies the boy. "what ya gonna do with that chicken wire boy?" the farmer asks. "Catch me some chickens sir." says the boy. The farmer laughs at the boy. Sure enough, however, during the evening, just as the farmer is finishing plowing his fields, he spots the boy in the distance with half a dozen chickens strung over his back. The next morning, the farmer sees the boy walking by again. This time the boy is carrying a handful of grey objects. "What ya got there sonny?" asks the farmer. "Duct tape." replies the boy. "What ya gonna do with that duct tape boy?" asks the farmer, "Catch your self some ducks?" he laughs. "Sure am sir." the boy answers. The farmer laughs again. Sure enough however, the farmer spots the boy walking by in the evening with a string of ducks over his shoulder. He is amazed. The next morning the farmer sees the boy again walking by. This time the kid is carrying a bundle of sticks. "What ya carrying those sticks for sonny?" ask the farmer. "These ain't just any old sticks sir," replies the boy, "This here is pussy willow." "You wait right there son." says the farmer, "Let me go grab my hat."
"An unknown plight" or "the shortest and worse joke i know" Pedophiles have trouble fitting in.
Ill never try suicide again! Last time I almost killed myself
Don't you hate when you are reading a sentence and it doesn't end how you testicles?
Need an ark? I Noah guy
"I say, this bloody coffee tastes like mud!...." " It should sir, it was ground this morning."
First time A boy gets a call from his girlfriend. She tells him her parents are going out for the night so they will have the house to them selves. She then tells him she thinks ready to do it for the first time and that he should get some condoms. The boy is elated and runs over to the pharmacy to get the condoms. It's his first time so he has no idea which sort he has to get. The pharmacist notices the boys inexperience and proceeds to lecture him on the art of putting on condoms, of making love and advices him to buy a pack of twenty condoms. The boy thanks the man for the advice, buys the condoms and leaves. That evening he arrives at his girlfriends house just as her parents are leaving. The girlfriens introduces him to her parents and takes him inside where the boy immediately starts to pray. After ten minutes of fervently beseeching the lord the gril stops him. "I never knew you were so religious." The boy looks at her with fear in his eyes, "I never knew your dad whas a pharmacist."
A horse comes into a bar.., No wait, it was a man. A horse comes in a man...
How many Metropolitan Police does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They just beat the room for being black.
What do dyslexic sysadmins eat for breakfast? Cronflakes.
"Doctor, doctor...I'm having real trouble using my computer. Unless I'm looking right at my keyboard, mouse or printer, I just can't see any of them." "Ah", replied the doctor, "I know what's the matter here. You've got a problem with your peripheral vision."
Which cheese is made backwards? Edam.
A man walks into a bank when he sees the register he shouts "hi bitch I would like to open an account in your fucking bank" The register replies "C'mon sir you don't have to shout like that, this is a very respectable bank here" - Don't make me wait you idiot, open my account right fucking now !! - sorry sir but i'll have to call the director of the bank The director comes and then asks the man : Why are you shouting like this sir ? - I have won 1M$ at the lottery and i would like to open an account in your fucking bank. The director replies : "And this fucking bitch is bothering you ?" *EDIT : silly changed by fucking thanks to BuddyProductions0 and other corrections*
What did the cannibal say after eating a leper? That just fell apart in my mouth!
Why are a lot of Italians named Tony? Because as they got on the boat to leave Italy, they were stamped on the head, "TO NY".
An old joke I learnt [Clean] A peanut was stuck on the tracks His heart was all a flutter A train came down the track *Choo Choo!* Peanut butter.
two men were walking thier dogs... Two men, tom and bob were walking their dogs when they smell a delicious scent. "You smell that?" tom asked. Bob replied, "the heck I do, let's find where it's coming from!". After 5 minutes of searching, the scent led them to a restaurant. Tom said "let's get something to eat!" they both were hungry but bob reminded him that they couldn't enter with their dogs! so tom said "it's cool, follow my lead!" he puts on shades and is stopped at the door "no dogs allowed sir!" tom insisted "oh it's my seeing eye dog let me in" "it is? But that's a dachshund !" "Yes they're using them now because of their amazing sense of smell" "Very well come in." bob puts on shades and also stopped before entering "No dogs allowed sir!" the waiter heckled. "Oh please forgive me, it's my seeing eye dog" bob apologized. "A chihuahua?!!!" the waiter shouted "what??? THEY GAVE ME A CHIHUAHUA!?!?!?!?!?!?!"
Dead babies What's worse than a dead baby nailed to a tree? One dead baby nailed to ten trees!
Dead babies What's the difference between a truck full of dead babies and a truck full of bricks ? Only one can be emptied with a pitchfork.
I used to have some jokes concerning noble gasses... but they're argon.
What animal has an asshole on its back? A police horse.
What does a church shooting sound like? Pew! Pew!
What was Hitler's favourite song? Knocking on ovens door
Parrot Perch A man suspected that his wife was cheating on him, but he could not find time to prove it since they worked opposite shifts. He soon came up with the idea to get a talking Parrot and hide it in the closet of the bedroom while he was gone. He went to the local pet store and the clerk said we only have one Parrot that can talk real good, but he is sort of handicapped. The husband asked, "what's wrong with him?" The clerk then told the man that the bird was born with no legs, so he holds himself up on the Perch by wrapping his long dick around it. The man agreed to buy the Parrot anyway. Once the man arrived home, he put the Parrot in the bedroom closet and instructed the Parrot on what to do. Leaving the closet door partially open for the Parrot to see the bedroom, the man then left for work. Arriving home the next morning the man noticed his wife had already left for work. He quickely went inside and began asking the Parrot, "what have you seen?" The Parrot replied "You are right, your wife is cheating on you!" "Go on", said the man. "About a half an hour after you left, your wife came into the bedroom with another man! " said the Parrot. "Go on", said the man. "Then they took off all of their clothes and got onto the bed!" "Go on,"said the man. "Then that guy started kissing your wife and sucking on her tits!" said the Parrot. "Then what happend?",asked the man. "Then that guy put his head between her legs and started licking her puss!", said the Parrot. "Then what?" ,asked the man. "I dont know", said the Parrot, "my dick got hard and I fell off my fucking perch!!"
Dead Babies I hate it when I'm driving out of my garage and my next door neighbour's son stands on my way and I run over him by accident and I have to bury him in my backyard. #FuckGrammar
Auto-erotic asphyxiation You can go on about it until you're blue in the face, I'm still not interested.
Why does Peter Parker have a shower in his apartment? He can't get out of a bath.
How do you know an engineer is an extrovert? He stares at *your* shoes while he talks to you.
Chemists do it on the table... Periodically.
Lawyers and Engineers Three lawyers and three engineers are at a train station on their way to a conference. The lawyers line up and buy three tickets, but the engineers only buy one ticket between the three of them. The lawyers are confused, and ask how the engineers plan on taking the train with only one ticket. The engineers just tell them to wait and see. So they all board the train. The lawyers each take a seat, but the engineers all crowd in to a bathroom. The train starts moving and the conductor comes around punching tickets. He punches each of the lawyers' tickets, and then knocks on the bathroom door and says "Ticket please!" The engineers crack open the door and slide out the one ticket, which the conductor punches and then slides back through the door. The lawyers think this is pretty clever, so on the return trip, they buy one ticket for the three of them, but then the engineers don't buy any tickets at all. The lawyers ask how the engineers plan on taking the train without any tickets, and the engineers just tell them to wait and see. So once again they board the train. The three lawyers crowd into one bathroom, and the three engineers crowd into another bathroom. Once the train starts moving, one of the engineers exits the bathroom, knocks on the door of the lawyers' bathroom, and says "Ticket please!"
I used to be a cross dressing fireman... ...I kept getting a ladder in my tights.
What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe.
How many dubstep fans does it take to wash a car? One hundred and one. Two to wash it, one to dry it, and ninety eight to talk about how dirty it was.
Knock Knock
Why do melons always have traditional weddings? They cantaloupe.
how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? it's a pretty obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.
Windows 8 is like my ex... Looks good, is nice for touch and play, but terrible for the real work.
There was once a little boy A little boy once saw a firetruck scream by his house, sirens blaring, full of firefighters wearing intrepid, worn faces. He could imagine their rough hands, callused from swinging axes through hot flames, climbing ladders into burning buildings, and grasping to the side of that firetruck. Maybe they were off to save the lives of children just like him or a family just like his. These were truly brave men. He suddenly realized that this was the man he would be when he grew up. Brimming with excitement and self-satisfaction, he sprinted into the kitchen where his mother was washing the plates from that morning's breakfast. Elated, he burst out, "Mommy! Can you buy me a toy fire truck? I want to be a fireman when I grow up!" His mother responded, "You're never going to grow up. You have AIDS."
Typical dumb blonde... Billy-Bob and Jimmy are standing at the base of a flag-pole, looking up and scratching their heads, when a beautiful blonde woman walks by and inquires about their purpose. "We've been hired to find out the height of this here flag-pole, such that we might fit it properly with the flag of this great nation." Billy-Bob replied, "But we just don't have a ladder!" The blonde looks up, turns around and walks off, only to return moments later with a screw-driver and measuring tape. The blonde proceeds to unscrew the flagpole from the base, lay it on its side, measure it, and return the pole back to its upright position. The blonde smiles at Billy-Bob and Jimmy, exclaiming happily: "That flagpole is exactly 15 feet long!" She turns and continues on her way, happy with her effort and goodwill. Billy-Bob turns to Jimmy, shaking his head at their wasted time. "Isn't that just like a dumb blonde? We ask for the height, and she gives us the length!"
2 Owls 2 owls are sitting in a tree. First turns to the second and says, "Did you hear Bill's getting a divorce?" The second Owl replies, "Who?"
what did the proud cheerleader say after she screwed the whole. basketball team? I never knew I had it in me.
How do you find Will Smith after a snowstorm? Just look for the fresh prints.
They should name hurricanes after black people: It only takes one to ruin the neighborhood.
Hangups It's weird to find out people's hang ups. Some of them can be very weird. My girlfriend has one that I just don't understand. She literally freaks out if I try to watch her pee. I mean I guess it sort of makes sense since she isn't really my girlfriend but we've been dating for a while so close enough right? I mean I guess we aren't REALLY dating per se but I've been facebook stalking her for a while. OK I haven't actually seen her facebook page but I was IN THAT BATHROOM.
My favorite Halloween joke So a black man and his wife were invited to a halloween costume party. The man being a very busy person when it came to work tells his wife "Look I need you to buy me a costume for the party since I'm busy with work." She agrees and he goes off to work as usual. He comes home that night and laying out on his bed is a superman costume. He looks over at his wife and says "I can't wear this, I mean seriously? Have you ever seen a black superman?" She nods and apologizes and says she'll get him a different costume. The next night he comes home and on his bed is a Batman costume. He puts his palm in his face and says "Really honey? You've got to be kidding me. Have you ever seen a black batman? Take this shit back and get me a different costume." She grits her teeth a little, but agrees. The next night, he comes home and laying out on his bed are three white plates, a big white belt, and a 2x4 of lumber. He looks down at these random objects and asks his wife "What the hell are these supposed to be?" She smirks and says "Well, you didn't like batman or superman because they weren't black, so I figured you could wear those three white plates, and you could go to the party as a domino. If you don't like that, you can wear that big white belt, and you can go as an oreo. If you still don't like that, you can take that 2x4 and shove it up your ass, and you can go as a fudgecicle!"
What do you call a slutty a gun? A fl-uzi
"Balls." said the queen. The king laughed, he had to.
I know Karate... ...And like two other Japanese words.
Not ANOTHER brothel joke! A Redditor walks into a brothel and says "I need to lose my virginity, tonight, but i only have five dollars. What can you do for me?" The man at the desk looks at him and thinks and says "We have a dead one upstairs." The Redditor thinks momentarily and decides that he'll do anything. He pays his money and goes to do the deed. When he returns, two men are standing behind the desk chatting. He goes to walk out when the man he spoke to earlier asks "How was it?" "It was decent" said the Redditor. "But as i finished, i noticed that this weird stuff started dripping out of her nose." "Oh." Says the man. "Looks like she's full."
An elderly woman visits a walk-in clinic... ...where she was seen by a young, new doctor. After about three minutes in the examination room, the doctor told her she was pregnant. She burst out, screaming as she ran down the hall. An older doctor stopped her and asked what the problem was, and she told him what happened. After listening, he had her sit down and relax in another room. The doctor marched down the hallway to the back where the young doctor was and demanded, "What's the matter with you? That woman is 84 years old, and you told her she was pregnant?" The young doctor continued to write on his clipboard, and without even looking up, asked, "Does she still have the hiccups?"
Student Nurse A nurse had to look after a very weak old man at a hospital. One day she came in the room he is in to see how he was doing. The old man, with his frail old hand partially lifting the mask on his face asked the Nurse in a somewhat muffled voice, "Can you please (mumble mumble) check to see if my (mumble) testicles are black?". Obviously the nurse was appalled and asked, "You want me to do what?!". "(mumble) Can you check to see if my (cough) testicles are black?" Reluctantly, she picked up his gown, brought her hands up to his old wrinkled balls and looked around and said, "No, they look fine to me". This time, the old man lifted his mask completely up above his nose and after clearing his throat said again, "I said, can you please see if my test results are back?"
Two guys are walking down the street when the see a dog laying about in on a porch. As they pass the dog begins to lick his balls and one of the guys turns to the other and says Guy 1: "See, now i wish i could do that!" Guy 2: "Really?" Guy 1: "Oh yea i bet it'd be awesome" Guy 2: "Well, i am sure if you approach him real slow you could probably get close enough."
A man dies and goes to heaven.. A man dies, goes to heaven, stands before St. Peter, and sees a huge wall of clocks. The man asks what all the clocks are for and St. Peter explains, "these are lie clocks. Everyone on earth has a lie clock. Every time a person lies, the clock hands move." Pointing to one, the man says, "Whose clock is that?" "That's Mother Teresa's," St. Peter answers. "The hands have never moved, indicating she never told a lie." "Incredible," the man responds. "And whose clock is that?" St. Peter responds. "That's Abraham Lincoln's. The hands moved twice telling us he told two lies in his entire life." "Where is Mitt Romney's clock?" the man asks. "Romney's clock is in Jesus' office," St Peter says. "He's using it as a ceiling fan."
A tractor salesman... is driving down the road. He looks out the window and sees a farmer with a bull hitched up to a plow. He pulls over and runs out to the farmer and says "Sir, I'm here to make your day." "Oh yeah, how you gonna do that?" "I'm a tractor salesman and I'm going to sell you a tractor." "I don't need another tractor. I got three in the barn and one is brand new." "Well what are you doing out here plowing this field with this here bull?" To which the farmer replies "I'm teaching this bull there's more to farming than romance and tearing down fences." - Jerry Clower
Official EU Language The European Commission has just announced an agreement whereby English will be the official language of the European Union rather than German, which was the other possibility. As part of the negotiations, the British Government conceded that English spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5-year phase-in plan that would become known as "Euro-English". In the first year, "s" will replace the soft "c". Sertainly, this will make the sivil servants jump with joy. The hard "c" will be dropped in favour of "k". This should klear up konfusion, and keyboards kan have one less letter. There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome "ph" will be replaced with "f". This will make words like fotograf 20% shorter. In the 3rd year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments will enkourage the removal of double letters which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling. Also, al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent "e" in the languag is disgrasful and it should go away. By the 4th yer peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" with "z" and "w" with "v". During ze fifz yer, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou" and after ziz fifz yer, ve vil hav a reli sensibl riten styl. Zer vil be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech oza. Ze drem of a united urop vil finali kum tru. Und efter ze fifz yer, ve vil al be speking German like zey vunted in ze forst plas.
Can you cover for me? A priest is doing confession one day and has to pee really badly. So, in between parishioners, he leans out the back of the confessional and sees and altar boy gardening. He says, "Psst, can you cover for me? I have to pee really badly." The altar boy is unsure, but decides he'll give it a shot. He gets into the priest's half of the confessional and hears, "Father? Father, are you there." He puts on his best old man voice and says, "I am here, my child." The woman begins her confession. "It's been 6 weeks since my last confession and, well father, my husband and I had anal sex. I know it is a sin, but we both wanted to do it and... well, I feel really bad. What can I do to make up for this sin?" Feeling immediately overwhelmed, the altar boy says, "Whoa, listen lady, sorry, but I am not the priest, and I gotta tell ya, I have no idea what you can do about this." The lady replies, "Well, what does the Father usually give for anal sex?" And the altar boy responds, "A candy bar and a coke."
My Korean friend died yesterday... So Yung...
Why does a chicken coop have two doors? Because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
Funny Jokes Did I tell you about my older friend went out and everyone was calling him a cradle robber and a pedophile... Just because hes 50 and she is 24, he said it totally ruined their 10 year anniversary.
chevy badge on a holdern upvote if you think they're gay
why are blacks such good pimps because they have been using hoes for sentuarys
So there was this zebra.... ... And he wanted to know if he was white with black stripes or black with white stripes. So, he asked St. Peter. St. Peter said, 'I'm sorry, but I can't answer that question for you. You'll have to go ask God.' Then the zebra made the long, arduous, and perilous journey up to heaven to talk to God. He asked God, 'God, am I white with black stripes or black with white stripes?' God simply said, 'You are what you are.' 'Well hmmph,' said the zebra with a huff, 'Fat lot of good that did me.' So, without having his pressing question answered, he made the long, arduous, and perilous journey back to Earth. He needed to have a word with St. Peter. Once he got back to Earth, he sought out St. Peter and confronted him. 'St. Peter, God didn't answer my question at all!' he complained. 'Well, zebra, what did He say?' asked St. Peter. 'When I asked him my question, all He said was 'You are what you are.'' 'Ah, I see now. You are indeed white with black stripes.' said St. Peter. At this, the zebra was enraged. 'WHAT?!?! You're telling me that after all this time and all this energy I wasted; after I went all the way up to Heaven to ask God this question, you knew the answer the whole time??' 'Now, zebra, calm down,' said St. Peter. 'You don't understand. My answer all depended on God's answer.' He let that sink in for a moment. 'You see, if you were, in fact, black with white stripes, God would have said 'You is whatchu is!''
My favorite racist joke is more funny than it is offensive - On the elementary school playground, there was a group of boys that liked to play basketball. Tyrone, a fourth grader, was the only black boy in the school, and far outperformed his peers in most athletic contests. He could run faster and jump higher than any other student at the school. He could easily outrun and out jump even the fastest and tallest fifth and sixth grade boys. When they played basketball, Tyrone's team could only play three players at a time to be fair, and he was still always picked first. "You're the best at basketball because you're black, Tyrone," the other boys would say. Tyrone would wonder about this. His mama always told him not to think he was any different than any of those white boys. Being black didn't mean he was any better or any worse than anyone else. But he was obviously better at basketball than any of the white kids at his elementary school, so what else could it be? Tyrone got home from school one day and asked his mama, "Mama, I can jump higher and run faster than any of the other kids at the school. Even the fifth and sixth graders. Is it a 'cause I'm black?" "Naw," Mama said, "you's the fastest runner and highest jumper 'coz you's the only one who's twenty two."
A string walks into a bar... and the bouncer told him,"We don't serve your kind here." So, the string went outside and saw a man. He told the man to tie a knot around his upper portion and undo his lower portion into frays; finished, the String thanks the man and goes back inside. The bouncer said,"haven't I seen you before?" To which the string replied, "I'm a frayed knot."
What's the Difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts? One's $2.50 and the Other's Under a Buck!
Sometimes the forwards from Grandma aren't so bad. It's late fall and the Indians on a remote reservation in South Dakota asked their new chief if the coming winter was going to be cold or mild. Since he was a chief in a modern society, he had never been taught the old secrets. When he looked at the sky, he couldn't tell what the winter was going to be like. Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was indeed going to be cold and that the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. But, being a practical leader, after several days, he got an idea. He went to the phone booth, called the National Weather Service and asked, 'Is the coming winter going to be cold?' 'It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold,' the meteorologist at the weather service responded. So the chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later, he called the National Weather Service again. 'Does it still look like it is going to be a very cold winter?' 'Yes,' the man at National Weather Service again replied, 'it's going to be a very cold winter.' The chief again went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find. Two weeks later, the chief called the National Weather Service again. 'Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?' 'Absolutely,' the man replied. 'It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters we've ever seen.' 'How can you be so sure?' the chief asked. The weatherman replied,'The Indians are collecting a shitload of firewood'
How Do You Make a Plumber Cry Kill his Family.
Why was the cotton candy singing? Grandma, hush, that's Nicki Minaj
Three surgeons are talking about their favorite patients to operate on. The first starts: "I prefer mathematicians. When you open them up, everything is numbered for easy reference". The second continues: "I prefer electricians: everything is colour-coded". The last doctor says: "You guys have it all wrong, the best patients are lawyers: they're spineless, heartless, gutless, and their heads and asses are interchangeable"
So three mice get into Heaven... And they are greeted by St. Peter. Peter says to them "Because you lived good lives, each of you gets one wish." They say to Peter "We spent our entire lives running from predators, and our legs got very tired. Can you give us skateboards to get around?" Peter obliges, and they get three skateboards. About a week later, Peter is checking in on everybody in Heaven. He runs into the cat that died about a month earlier, and he asks how he is doing. The cat says "Heaven is fabulous! I especially love the meals on wheels you sent me a few days ago!"
A college student walks up to the ten items or less line... Heard on Car Talk... (from memory) A college student walks up to the ten items or less line in a Boston supermarket.... He gets in line with an *enormous* number of items, far more than the 10 permitted. The cashier takes a long look, and asks him, "So. You must be a student at either Harvard or MIT, right?" "Why yes" he says, "how did you know?" "Well, getting in *this* line with those groceries, you either go to MIT and can't read, or Harvard and can't count."
A British man, a Scottish man, and a New Yorker are caught by cannibals The cannibals say to the British man, we are going to make spoons out of your bones and a boat out of your skin! But before you die, what would you like? The British man asks for a cup of tea, and then the cannibals kill him. The cannibals then say to the Scottish man, we are going to make spoons out of your bones and a boat out of your skin! But before you die, what would you like? The Scottish man asks for a shot of scotch, and then the cannibals kill him. The cannibals finally say to the New Yorker, we are going to make spoons out of your bones and a boat out of your skin! But before you die, what would you like? The New Yorker asks for a fork, and the cannibals are curious... But go and get him the fork. They give it to him and he starts stabbing himself saying HERE'S YOUR FUCKING BOAT!!
After the explosion at the cheese factory... all there was left was de brie
Three men get lost in a jungle... After 4 days of wandering around lost, a tribe of jungle folk captured them. The three men were brought before the leader of the tribe. The leader told the men that they had two options. Either die immediately as sacrifices, or take part in one of the tribes sacred rituals, and then be let free. The three men obviously agreed to take part in the tribal ritual. The men were told that in order to perform the ritual, they would have to go into the sacred garden, pick a piece of fruit, and then bring it back. The first man picked a strawberry. As soon as he entered the ritual grounds, he was stripped naked, and the strawberry was forcibly shoved up his ass by the witch doctor. He was then freed of his bonds and told he could leave. The second man returned from the garden with an apple. He too was stripped naked, and received a painful insertion of the apple he had picked into his ass. He was then freed of his bonds and was told he could leave. As they untied him, the second man started laughing. His friend, the first man, asked why he was laughing. The second man replied, "While I was in the garden, I saw our other friend picking a watermelon!"
What is Politics? A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" Dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me capitalism. Your Mom, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the Government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the people. The nanny, we'll consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense," So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. So the little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I Understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored and the Future is in deep shit."
Two priest are taking a shower together One of them (#1) tells the other "Wow your penis has grown!!" The other (#2) : "No, I don't think so" #1 : "I am sure your penis is bigger than usual" #2 : "I don't know I still fit in a 12 years old"
The best way to eat Welsh cheese? Caerphilly.
Three men are at the pearly gates Three men all die on the same day and they are queuing at the pearly gates to talk to St. Peter. The first guy goes up and St. Peter asks him how he died. "Well, I had suspected my wife had been cheating on me a for a while, so this morning I left for work as normal, but came back half an hour later to the tower block where I live to see if I could catch her in the act. "Lo and behold there she is naked on the bed clearly after having been screwed. I started searching for the guy but I couldn't find him, until I went out on the balcony. There he was hanging over the side trying to hide from me. In my rage I bashed at his fingers until he fell. He wasn't quite dead so I grabbed the fridge from the kitchen and chucked it over the balcony to finish him off. "I was suddenly wracked by guilt, so threw myself over the edge too. Here I am." The second guy goes up and St. Peter asks him how he ended up dead. "Well I live on a tall tower block, and I was doing my morning workout, pullups on the edge of my balcony. "Unfortunately I slipped, but by a stroke of luck I managed to grab onto the balcony below. "Just as I was trying to pull myself up a crazed guy came out of the apartment and started bashing my fingers. I fell five stories but luckily I was still alive. A few seconds later I saw what I think was a fridge falling towards me, and that's all I can remember." The third guy goes up to St. Peter, and St. Peter asks him how he died. "Well, I was hiding in a fridge..."
Barack Obama and Mitt Romney are both on a sinking ship... Barack Obama and Mitt Romney are both on a sinking ship; both of them are drowning. Who gets saved?!? The answer: AMERICA!!!
A Finnish Soldier... In the winter war in 1945 is getting in line for a rifle. The man behind the counter says "sorry, the guy in front of you got the last one. Here, take this hockey stick, and if you see a Russian, point it at him and yell BANG!" The Finn finds this ridiculous but takes it, thinking he'll just fix a bayonet on the thing and fight like that. As he gets to the bayonet counter, the guy in front of him gets the last one. Instead, he is given a piece of wood about six inches long with the instructions to yell STAB! every time someone is within arms length. Feeling horribly unprepared, he heads out to battle with his platoon. Shortly, they become separated by snow and wind, and he is left alone with no weapon. A Russian comes over a snowdrift. Desperately, the man throws up his hockey stick and yells BANG! The Russian drops. So he fights all through the day, yelling BANG and STAB at his will and dropping the enemy like flies. Late in the day, a huge Russian soldier comes plodding toward the man slowly. Feeling confident, the man fires his hockey stick to no effect. He tries a couple more times. Nothing. Desperately, he throws his small piece of wood at the man, but it just bounces off. Suddenly, the earth around him explodes and he goes flying. Just as he is about to die, the Russian plods on by him saying under his breath "tank, tank, tank, BOOM!"
What do hillbillies do on Halloween? Pump kin.
A husband and wife are talking about their relationship... and the wife suggests they each pick one person that they can have sex with without the other getting mad. The husband agrees and lets the wife go first. She thinks about it for a bit and settles on Brad Pitt. The husband nods his head and says "The neighbor."
Why can't ghosts have babies? Because they have hollow-weenies!
Bank Loan A young girl, named Patricia Wack, starts a new job as a loan officer at the bank. A frog walks in an asks her for a loan, she looks at him for a moment amazed that a frog could talk but proceeds professionally. He needs five hundrded dollars for a new business venture and is willing to offer her a candle stick as collateral. She is of course surprised by this strange offer of collateral and tells the frog that she's not sure she can approve the loan. The frog gets upset and demands to see the manager. He says "Do you have any idea who I am? My father is Keith Richards, I deserve this loan!". Patricia dismisses herself for a moment to go see the manager about this very odd case. She tells him the story and he looks at her for a moment then says "It's a knick-knack Patty Wack, give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone"
New Bull Three bulls heard via the grapevine that the rancher was going to bring another bull onto the ranch, and the prospect raised a discussion among them. The first bull says, "Boys, we all know I've been here 5 years. Once we settled our differences, we agreed on which 100 of the cows would be mine. Now, I don't know where this newcomer is going to get HIS cows, but I ain't' givin' him any of mine." The second bull says, "That pretty much says it for me, too. I've been here 3 years and have earned my right to the 50 cows we've agreed are mine. I'll fight 'im till I run him off or kill 'im, but I'M KEEPIN' ALL MY COWS." The third bull says, "I've only been here a year, and so far you guys have only let me have 10 cows to "take care of". I may not be as big as you fellows yet, but I am young and virile, so I simply MUST keep all MY cows." They had just finished their big talk when an eighteen-wheeler pulls up in the middle of the pasture with only ONE ANIMAL IN IT: the biggest Son-of-Another-Bull these guys had ever seen! At 4700 pounds, each step he took toward the ground strained the steel ramp to the breaking point. The first bull says, "Ahem...You know, it's actually been some time since I really felt I was doing all my cows justice, anyway. I think I can spare a few for our new friend." The second bull says, "I'll have plenty of cows to take care of if I just stay on the opposite end of the pasture from HIM. I'm certainly not looking for an argument." They look over at their young friend, the third bull, and find him pawing the dirt, shaking his horns, and snorting up a storm. The first bull says, "Son, let me give you some advice real quick. Let him have some of your cows and live to tell about it." The third bull says, "Heck, he can have ALL my cows. I'm just making sure he knows I'M a bull!"
Lemonade Stand At my lemonade stand I used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass. The refill contained the antidote.
While reading a sex magazine.. Perfect Line written on Notice Board in a Sex Magazine's Library . . . . . . . . . . . . *Please hold the magazines with BOTH hands while reading.. If Ya know what I mean
The Magic Dildo (nsfw) Romeo has gotten a new job out of state and now must leave his girlfriend, Juliet, behind. Their love is strong so they both want to give this long distance thing a try. The night before his departure, Romeo gives Juliet a gift: A magic dildo. "To use it," He says, "all you have to say is *Magic Dildo, vagina* and when you are finished, simply say *Magic Dildo off.* There is only one thing I ask of you, Juliet, please only use it while we are talking, on the phone or on skype." To this, she agrees. . Later Juliet was feeling a bit frisky and decided to give the Magic Dildo a try, without Romeo. "Magic Dildo vagina" she whispers. The dildo not only meets but surpassed her wildest expectations. She opens her mouth to give the dildo the command to stop, but she has forgotten it. . Frantically she drives to the ER, surely they will know what to do. Panic and a magic dildo pulsating through her body causing her to speeding and swerving all over the road. In her rear view she sees a cop signaling her to pull over. Once pulled over the cop approaches her window. He says, "Excuse ma'am have you been drinking?" Frantically she tries to explain, "No no officer, it's this magic dildo, I can't get it to stop, its..." Leaning into the window the office cuts her short and says, "Magic Dildo my ass."
John went to the local bank to borrow money for a new bull. The loan was made and Banker Bill , who lent the money, came by a week later to see how the bull was doing. John complained that the bull just ate grass and wouldn't even look at a cow. The Banker suggested that he have a veterinarian take a look at the bull. Next week, the Banker returned to see if the vet had helped. John really looked very pleased. "The bull has serviced all of my cows! He broke through the fence, and bred all my neighbor's cows! He's been breeding just about everything in sight. He's like a machine!" "Wow," said The Banker , "what did the vet do to that bull?" "Just gave him some pills," replied John. "What kind of pills?" asked The Banker "I don't know, but they got a peppermint taste." The banker considered this for a second and made a dash for his car.
Guy goes to the doctor... Guy goes to the doctor because he has a pain in his foot. The doctor asks 'Have you dropped anything on it lately?' The guy says 'no.' 'Hmmmmmm.' Doctor asks 'Do you do a lot of running.' Guy again says 'no.' 'OK.......' Doctor asks 'Do you masturbate?' The guy hesitates at first and then says 'Well, yeah...' The doctor says 'Isn't it great?'
What's the difference between a Lamborghini and dead babies? I didn't lose my virginity in the back of a Lamborghini.
New Rooster The rooster is getting old, so the farmer went to the co-op and introduced a healthy young cock to his chicken flock. The old cock heads on over to introduce himself. "Hey there, kid," says the old rooster. "Now, I know you're young and all anxious to prove yourself to the old timer. Sure, I'm losing some feathers, but this is still my flock o' hens till some youngster actually shows me he's up to the job. So I tell you what. We're gonna have a race. You think you can beat me in three laps round the old barn, the flock is yours. Square?" The kid was pretty much expecting a brutal cock-fight, so this offer sounds like a solid Gentlemen's agreement. "You're on, old man!" says the young cock. No sooner than he opened his beak did the old Rooster bolt off to start the race. It took the young cock way too long to realize the race was on, so the first lap he was well behind, but by the second lap the younger chicken had caught up and was ready to pass the old coot. The crooked old bastard was a cheater though. He blocked the young rooster, tripping, kicking, pecking and altogether fighting to not let the young cock pass. By lap three it was a wild cacophony of squawking and shouting as the young rooster smashed again and again into the back of the old cock, fighting with all his young pride to climb overtop the mean old bastard. Well the farmer saw what was happening, marched out with his shotgun and shot the young rooster dead. "Damnit," cursed the farmer, "That's the third gay rooster I bought this month!" *Thanks to [tjw's New Bull joke](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/12cg99/new_bull/) for helping me remember this one. As always, I'm so very sorry.*
Deep Thoughts Do you think that, when two police officers are having sex, they appreciate the fact that they are copulating?
Mitt Romney is walking through heaven when he runs into Barrack Obama
Divorce Court (Sorry if it's a repost) Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse are getting a divorce. The judge turns to mickey, confused, and asks: "Wait, let me get this straight, you want to divorce your wife because she's crazy?" Mickey frowns and shakes his head. "No, no, I said I want to leave her because she's fucking goofy!"
Incest It's all relative.
(nsfw) 3 little women This is for men and interactive, actually do it! :) In my hand (or on the table/desk/somewhere near you) there are 3 little women. I want you to pick one up and place it on the top of your head. Does that feel like the first time you had sex? Ok put her back and pick up another little woman, place her on your elbow. Does that feel like the first time you had sex? Ok, put her back and pick up another little woman, place her on your knee. Does that feel like the first time you had sex? Ok, now put her back and pick up all 3 women in your hand, and shake... Keep shaking. Does that feel like the first time you had sex??
What do you call a small bull? A MINI-TAUR!
I'll tell you what I know about dwarfs! Very Little Courtesy of Jimmy Carr
Why are peppers irritating? Because they're jalapeno business!
A blonde's year in review. **January** Took new scarf back to store because it was too tight. **February** Fired from pharmacy job for failing to print labels..... Helllloooo!!!.......bottles won't fit in printer!!! **March** Got really excited......finished jigsaw puzzle in 6 months...... Box said ' 2-4 years!' **April** Trapped on escalator for hours ... Power went out!!! **May** Tried to make Kool-Aid.....wrong instructions.... 8 cups of water won't fit into those little packets!!! **June** Tried to go water skiing....... Couldn't find a lake with a slope. **July** Lost breast stroke swimming competition..... Learned later, the other swimmers cheated, they used their arms!!! **August** Got locked out of my car in rain storm...... Car swamped because soft-top was open. **September** The capital of California is 'C'.....isn't it??? **October** Hate M &amp;amp; M's...... They are so hard to peel. **November** Baked turkey for 4 1/2 days ... Instructions said 1 hour per pound and I weigh 108!! **December** Couldn't call 911. 'Duh'.....there's no 'eleven' button on the stupid phone!!! Edit: Minor formatting. Edit #2: Thanks for the front page on /r/Jokes reddit! Appreciated! Edit #3: OMG Thanks guys this is my most upvoted post!
Why do girls wear makeup and perfume? Because they're ugly and they stink.
An Indian learning English. An Indian(like from India) is walking through the forest with his English teacher while the teacher points to and names objects. He points to a tree and says, "tree" the Indian repeats, "tree". They walk a little further and the teacher points to a rock and says, "rock" and the Indian repeats, "rock". They walk a little farther still and they come across a couple having sex, the Indian says, "how you say that?" the teacher, a tad embarrassed, says, "uuhh that's a bicycle." The Indian proceeds to run over, pick up the guy from the ground and beat him senseless. The teacher, surprised, runs over and manages to pull the Indian off of the man. He says," why did you do that? do you know this man?" the Indian responds, "No, I don't know the man, but he was riding my bicycle!"
Two cows are on a field one turns to the other and asks " are you worried about mad cow disease" the other says nope. The first cow, was astonished at the ignorance the other cow was showing and barked "WHY?" the second cow slowly turns and shouts "because I am a helicopter"
Wrong side (nsfw) This really tough Hells - Angel type bursts into a bar and goes to the middle of the bar, he orders a beer, gulps it down, turns to the people on the left and grows "All you people over there are a bunch of cocksuckers !" he gets a second beer, gulps that down, turns to the people on the right and growls "Your a bunch of stupid mother fuckers." all is still for a moment until a guy from the right side moves. The Hells - Angel says "where the fuck you going?" the guy says "I'm on the wrong side of the bar."
When I was a kid I was a sore loser... ...,I cried every time my dad beat me.
Two guys walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
Two men sign up for a tour... ...of the Amazon River. When they get there, the two men are extremely excited to start this journey, as it was not easy to pay for. They finally arrive, and, hardly containing their enthusiasm, show their tickets to the woman at the cash register. Upon seeing the tickets she tells them to follow her to the spot where their excursion begins. With huge smiles across their faces they approach the Amazon river when the woman suddenly takes out a baseball bat, hits both of them right in the head, and one by one throws them into the river. As he catches his breath, the first man, entirely disappointed that this was a total ripoff, turns to the other man and asks, "damn, this is awful. Are we at least getting fed?" The other man replies, "I don't know, but we didn't last year."
A woman in a supermarket is following a grandfather and his badly behaved 3 year old grandson. It's obvious to her that he has his hands full with the child screaming for sweets in the sweet aisle, biscuits in the biscuit aisle, and for fruit, cereal and pop in the other aisles. Meanwhile, granddad is working his way around, saying in a controlled voice,"Easy, William, we won't be long. Easy, boy." Another outburst and she hears the grandfather calmly say, "It's okay William, just a couple more minutes and we'll be out of here. Hang in there, boy." At the checkout, the little terror is throwing items out of the cart and granddad says again in a very controlled voice, "William, William, relax buddy, don't get upset. We'll be home in five short minutes; stay cool, William." Very impressed, the woman goes outside where the grandfather is loading his groceries and the boy into the car. She said to the elderly gentleman, "It's none of my business, but you were amazing in there. I don't know how you did it. That whole time, you kept your composure and no matter how loud and disruptive he got, you just calmly kept saying things would be okay. William is very lucky to have you as his grandpa." "Thanks," said the grandfather, "but I'm William. The little brat's name is Kevin."
The Welding Mask It's Johnny's tenth birthday, so his mother gives him five bucks to go to the candy store down the street to buy whatever he wants. During his walk he goes through a construction site and sees a welding mask on the ground that he thinks is cool so he decides to pick it up and put it on. As he continues down the road wearing his awesome new welding mask, a limo pulls up next to him and an old man leans out and asks "Hey kid, want some soda and free candy?". Johnny thinks to himself *Man this welding mask is paying off already, free candy and I get to keep the five bucks? Hell yea*, and gets in the limo. Johnny's eating his candy, and drinking his soda, and the old man asks him, "Hey kid, you ever heard of fellatio?". To which, Johnny innocently replies, "No mister", and continues eating his candy. The old man then slides closer to Johnny and asks, "Hey kid, you ever heard of sodomy?". To which, Johnny confusedly replies "No sir... sorry". The old man slides right up next to Johnny and asks, "Hey kid, you ever heard of a rim job?". To which, Johnny slowly puts his candy and soda down, lifts the welding mask up from his face, and looks at him and says, "Look old man, I have to level with you, I'm not a welder."
What's the worst part of a Ukrainian gas station? When you see the tongue drag across your windshield.
From an Obit: He was always a daredevil His last words were "Watch this."
NY Driver's license. A recently arrived Polish immigrant is taking eye test to get a driver's license in New York. The examiner shows him a card with the following letters: C Z A J K O K I W S The examiner asks - Can you read this? The Polish replies - Read??! I know this guy!!
I wish these fundamentalists would stop blaming natural disasters on the gays. Everybody knows Sandy happened because of the confluent evils of Wall Street and Jersey Shore.
The husband and the horse. The husband seated, reading his newspaper when his wife, furious, came from the kitchen and hits him in the head with a skillet . Startled, he gets up and asks: - Why did you do that? She responds: - I found this is the piece of paper in your pants with Mary's name and number. - Honey, remember the day I went to the horse racing? Yeah ... Mary was the horse I bet on, and the number was how much they were paying for the bet. The woman then left asking for apologies... Days later, there he was again seated when he receives a new punch, this time with a pressure cooker. Even more surprised (and dizzy), he asks: - What happened now, my love? She replies: - Your horse just called ...
With the new Disney-Lucas Films merger... ... is Leia a Disney princess?
What do you say when you wake in the middle of the night and see your TV floating in the air? "Drop it, nigger" What do you say when you wake in the middle of the night and see your refrigerator floating in the air? Not a goddamn thing. That's a HUGE nigger.
I come from a small town. I come from a town where the population never changes. Everytime a kid is born, some guy leaves town. Old Rodney Dangerfield...
My compass I have a compass, but instead of North, South, etc, it just points to Orc's, so when people ask me for directions, it's always orcward.
The Purple Spotted Penis While in China , an American man is very sexually promiscuous and does not use a condom all the time. A week after arriving back home in the States, he wakes one morning to find his penis covered with purple spots.. Horrified, he immediately goes to see a doctor. The doctor, never having seen anything like this before, orders some tests and tells the man to return in two days for the results. The man returns a couple of days later and the doctor says, 'I've got bad news for you, you've contracted Mongolian VD. It's very rare and almost unheard of here. We know very little about it.' The man looks a little perplexed and says: 'Well, give me a shot or something and fix me up, Doc.' The doctor answers: 'I'm sorry, there's no known cure. We're going to have to amputate your penis.' The man screams in horror, 'Absolutely not! I want a second opinion.' The doctor replies: 'Well, it's your choice.. Go ahead if you want but surgery is your only choice.' The next day the man seeks out a Chinese doctor figuring that he'll know more about the disease. The Chinese doctor examines his penis and proclaims: 'Ah, yes, Mongolian VD. Vely rare disease.' The guy says to the doctor: 'Yeah, yeah, I already know that but what can we do? My American doctor wants to operate and amputate my penis!' The Chinese doctor shakes his head and laughs: 'Stupid Amelican docta, always want to opelate. Make more money that way. No need to opelate!' 'Oh, Thank God!' the man replies. ' Yes,' says the Chinese doctor, 'You no worry! Wait two weeks. Faw off by itself.
What do pirates and pimps both have in common.... ...they both say "yo ho" and plunder the bootie! Compliments of my gf :)
The Longest Memory in the World One day, a young man takes a trip out West and comes across a little Native American village. He decides, what the heck, he'll stop and look around. One of the Native women, seeing that he's not from around, tells the man he should visit the Chief, who she says has the longest and best memory in the world. So the man decides to go visit the Chief and asks: "So I hear you have the greatest memory in the world." The Chief answers "I do. I can remember every single detail of my entire life." The man figures he should test this, and asks the Chief "What did you have for breakfast on April the 27th, 1959?" After stopping to think for a second, the chief answers "two eggs." Satisfied, the man says goodbye to the Chief and eventually leaves the village. Twenty years later, the man takes another trip out West and comes across the same village. He's amazed when he notices the Chief, still alive after all these years. The man, stops and says hello, so he raises his hand and says, "How" and the Chief replies "fried."
I like my women like I like my chocolate... White.
What do you get if you cross Bambi and a ghost? Bamboo
Fixer-Upper A newlywed couple moves into their new house. One day the husband comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, you know, in the upstairs bathroom one of the pipes is leaking, could you fix it?" The husband says, "What do I look like, Mr. Plumber?" A few days go by, and he comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, the car won't start. I think it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?" He says, "What do I look like, Mr. Goodwrench?" Another few days go by, and it's raining pretty hard. The wife finds a leak in the roof. She says, "Honey, there's a leak on the roof! Can you please fix it?" He says, "What do I look like, Bob Vila?" The next day the husband comes home, and the roof is fixed. So is the plumbing. So is the car. He asks his wife what happened. "Oh, I had a handyman come in and fix them," she says. "Great! How much is that going to cost me?" he snarls. Wife says: "Nothing. He said he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or slept with him." "Uh, well, what kind of cake did you make?" asks the husband. "What do I look like," she says, "Betty Crocker?"
I just met the girl of my dreams She flew into class naked and her teeth fell out.
I artificially inseminated a cow this morning! It's true! No bull!
BBC announcement From the BBC - Read by John Cleese. ANNOUNCEMENT The English are feeling the pinch in relation to recent terrorist threats and have therefore raised their security level from "Miffed" to "Peeved." Soon, though, security levels may be raised yet again to "Irritated" or even "A Bit Cross." The English have not been "A Bit Cross" since the blitz in 1940 when tea supplies nearly ran out. Terrorists have been re-categorized from "Tiresome" to "A Bloody Nuisance." The last time the British issued a "Bloody Nuisance" warning level was in 1588, when threatened by the Spanish Armada. The Scots have raised their threat level from "Pissed Off" to "Let's get the Bastards." They don't have any other levels. This is the reason they have been used on the front line of the British army for the last 300 years. The French government announced yesterday that it has raised its terror alert level from "Run" to "Hide." The only two higher levels in France are "Collaborate" and "Surrender.." The rise was precipitated by a recent fire that destroyed France s white flag factory, effectively paralyzing the country's military capability. Italy has increased the alert level from "Shout Loudly and Excitedly" to "Elaborate Military Posturing." Two more levels remain: "Ineffective Combat Operations" and "Change Sides." The Germans have increased their alert state from "Disdainful Arrogance" to "Dress in Uniform and Sing Marching Songs." They also have two higher levels: "Invade a Neighbor" and "Lose." Belgians, on the other hand, are all on holiday as usual; the only threat they are worried about is NATO pulling out of Brussels . The Spanish are all excited to see their new submarines ready to deploy. These beautifully designed subs have glass bottoms so the new Spanish navy can get a really good look at the old Spanish navy. Australia , meanwhile, has raised its security level from "No worries" to "She'll be alright, Mate." Three more escalation levels remain: "Crikey,!" "I think we'll need to cancel the barbie this weekend" and "The barbie is cancelled." So far no situation has ever warranted use of the final escalation level.
What do you call a Russian with three testicles? Whodyounickabollockoff
Blonde + Computer = ? A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mailbox. She opened it then slammed it shut and stormed back in the house. A little later she came out of her house again went to the mail box and again, opened it, slammed it shut again.. Angrily, back into the house she went. As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, here she came out again, marched to the mail box, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever. Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, "Is something wrong?" To which she replied,"There certainly is!" "My stupid computer keeps saying, **'YOU'VE GOT MAIL!'**"
Regretting the compliment... A woman walks up to a guy in a blue bathing suit and says, "Did you know your eyes match your swim trunks?" He says, "Really! Why? Are my eyes bulging?"
What do hillbillies do on Halloween? Pumpkin.
Anal sex... ...it's fucking shit!
Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!! Maby a cross-post to math is in order.
If you're not part of the solution... ... you are part of precipitate.
A Seventh Grade Health Class was learning about pregnancy. Young Suzy asks her teacher, "Can my grandma get pregnant?" Her teacher replies that no, she can't, shes far too old. Suzy then asks if her fifty year old mother could get pregnant. Her teacher tells her no, shes a little too old for that. Suzy, puzzled, asks if she can get pregnant. Her teacher freaks out and tells her "Don't even think about it young lady, you're far too young!" Johnny pipes up from the back of class "See, I told you we had nothing to worry about!"
HURRICANE SANDY UPDATE Mitt Romney has advised everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy to make their way to their 2nd or 3rd homes immediately.
Ladies and Gents "Ladies and Gents.... ...and that concludes our tour of the toilets."
In a small town in the middle of nowhere... Recently, in a small town in the middle of nowhere, a crime occurred which totally perplexed the local authorities. It seems that somehow, in a daring daylight robbery, an unidentified perpetrator managed to sneak into the crowded police station and systematically steal all of the toilets. The cops have nothing to go on.
Old lady's wager A little old lady walks into the Bank of America with a bag of money. She insists that she must speak with the president of the bank. She tells the bank president that she has accumulated several hundred thousand dollars over the years and would like to open a trust in the bank. Since he is free at the time and does not want to decline an old woman, the president agrees to see her. The president is curious, so he asks her, "Where did you get all this money?" The old lady replies, "I make bets." The president then asks, "Bets? What kind of bets?" The old woman says, "Well, for example, I'll bet you $25,000 that your balls are square." "Ha!" laughs the president, "That's ridiculous -- you can never win that kind of bet!" The old lady challenges, "So, would you like to take my bet?" "Sure," says the president, "I'll bet $25,000 that my balls are not square!" The little old lady says, "OK. I'll bring my lawyer with me tomorrow at 10 a.m. as a witness, and we'll see." The next morning, the little old lady appears with her lawyer at the president's office. "OK," she says, "Time to drop your pants and settle this bet." The president complies. The little old lady peers closely at his balls and asks if she could feel them. "Well, OK," says the bank president, "since there's so much money on the line." Just then, the lawyer starts banging his head against the wall. The president asks the old lady, "What the hell's the matter with your lawyer?" She replies, "I bet him $100,000 that at 10 a.m. today, I'd have the president of the Bank of America's balls in my hand."
A man is lost in the back roads of Vermont when he collides with a local at the intersection... He and the local got out to examine their bent fenders. "Well, don't look like much," observed the local. "Why don't we just take a little pull to steady our nerves." He grabbed the jug from his battered pickup, removed the stopper and handed it to the tourist. After taking a good slug, the tourist handed the jug back to the local, who banged the stopper and set the jug back in his truck. "Aren't you going to have some?" asked the tourist. The local shook his head. "Not till after the officer comes."
Meanwhile on Google+
the Barroom delivery A very pregnant teenager walks into a bar. Being that it is around 10 in the morning, the bar, aside from the bartender is empty. the teenager walks up to the bar and says "Give me a drink. I need to kill this thing inside of me" The bartender is pretty taken back by this. she's clearly underage, and, from the mascara running down her face, is distraught. "I'm sorry," replies the bartender. "but there's no way I'd ever serve a pregnant woman a drink and no chance in hell that I would provide alcohol to a minor." The teenager begins to yell at him " you have no idea what its like! my boyfriend left me for another girl on the cheer-squad, my parents kicked me out of the house, and I had to drop out of school in order to support myself at the meat packing facility. not only that, BUT I'M PREGNANT AND AN ALCOHOLIC. HOW DARE YOU ...." all of a sudden, her water broke. "O my god, the baby is coming . . " "well let me call the hospital for you" "NOOO. the baby is coming right now!" the girl wretched over in pain. she was screaming now. the bartender was also becoming incredibly nervous. he had never dealt with anything like this before. almost impulsively however, he grabbed a bottle of vodka and poured it all over the bar.... to sterilize it. "okay get on the bar. we're going to deliver this baby. and we're going to deliver it right here!" the bartender grabbed her from benieth both of her arms and hoisted her onto the bar. he then took off her ratty High school sweatpants and underwear. she was dilated already in the midst of huffs, the teenager asked " have you done this before?" the bartender didn't respond to that question but said " I need you to breath deeply and push! lets do it at the count of 3. 1...2....3!" "but I don't want to have this baby!" "YOU WERE BORN TO! YOU WILL BE A GREAT MOTHER! I KNOW IT!!" **AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH** after 4 hours of screaming and labor, the baby began to come out. "I can see its head. you're doing great . . .just a little further" ". . . does he look beautiful?" "Absolutely. .. NOW PUSH!" after thirty additional minutes, the bartender held the newborn baby. he used one of the bar towels to clean off the child and handed him over to his mother. she was crying... but out of joy. " my god, he is so beautiful. thank you so much for delivering my child. it means the world to me. there must be something I can do to repay you...." and then she had an epiphany. " I want to name my son after you. . . what's your name?" "My name . . .well . . . my name is *Clowny Magoo*" *because he was a clown!*
Today my parents told me to either move out or get a fucking job. So I became a prostitute.
A man walked into a bar... ... and he stayed there my entire fucking childhood.
I'm glad to see New York getting in the spirit of Halloween! New Orleans in 2005 was a great costume choice!
Why do French people eat no more than 1 egg per meal? Because one is un uf.
Do you know why the government is important? It isn't, now have a landmine. -Ron Swanson
How do you know if air fresheners have gotten too smart? If they have become scent-ient.
2 cats were talking and... one says to the other, "Do you think its weird that humans have no tails?" In reply, the other cat said,"Actually, that's only true for half of them. The other half have a tail, but it's put on backwards."
Crisis in the middle east A new middle east crisis erupted last night as Dubai Television was refused permission to broadcast 'The Flintstones'. A spokesman for the channel said: 'A claim was made that people in Dubai would not understand the humour, but we have heard that people in Abu Dhabi Do.'
Marital problems "You haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?" Always seems like a strange way for my wife to start a conversation with me.
Ok Reddit, give me your best dirty, yet tasteful, jokes! My favorite: A chicken and an egg were lying in bed. The egg is sitting up smoking a cigarette looking awfully smug. The chicken is glaring at the egg from across the bed. Finally, the chicken blurts out, "At least we know the answer to THAT question!"
The New Yorker swims into a bar...
Two couples go camping in the woods... Bob and Peter decide to take their wives on a camping trip. When they get to the campsite, Bob says, "Hey Peter, since your wife has never been camping before, why don't I teach her how to set up camp while you take my wife to get firewood." Peter agrees and he and Bob's wife go out into the forest to get firewood. Bob gets Peter's wife started on setting up the tents and decides to get some water for the campsite. While Peter's wife sets up the tents a swam of mosquitos comes through and as she's covered up in outdoor wear, they bite her on the only exposed flesh they can find on her neck leaving big red marks. A little while later, Bob comes running back to the camp as fast as he can with no shirt on and he trips on a tree root and falls right on top of Peter's wife. At that moment Peter and Bob's wife come back to the campsite and see "hickeys" on Peter's wife and Bob on top of her huffing and puffing with scratches on his back. Bob is furious and asks the two to explain themselves. Peter's wife says, "No, you don't understand. I was setting up the tents and these mosquitos came and bit me all over my neck." Bob finally catches his breath and says, "I was down by the river getting water and a bear charged me. I turned to run and as I did, it swiped at me, ripping my shirt off and scratching my back. I was so scared when I was running back, I tripped and fell on top of your wife." Peter's not buying it and starts accusing the couple of fooling around when Bob suddenly says, "Why are you yelling at me anyway? I should be yelling at you for screwing my wife." Peter, astonished, says, "Where the hell did you get that idea?" And Bob says, "Because you've been gone for an hour and don't have any goddamn firewood!"
Rich man throws a Party There's this really rich and powerful man He decides to throw this huge fucking party He invites a lot of people both wealthy and poor Day of the party comes He welcomes everyone Takes them all to the back yard There's this HUGE pool filled with alligators He tells them that if anyone swims across it he will give them his daughter for marriage or 1 million dollars They all laugh and shake their heads then go back inside Maybe an hour later the man hear screams and cheering He goes outside just in time to see this man who is climbing out of this pool He helps him out and says " I cant believe you did it" But, he did ask him what would he like The man looks at him and says I just want the Son of a Bitch who pushed me in :)
What do you call 5 lesbians and 5 state workers? 10 people that don't do dick.
What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynocologist? One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.
Why do redneck men enjoy Halloween so much? They love to pump kin.
in need of a snappy comeback it won't be so snappy, as it happened hours ago, but here's the setup: in french class, the lady teacher tries to explain sentence structure or something by saying to a girl, "You are still pretty, even though you have a nose ring." i thought it was funny, but the girl had a minor case of high school embarrassment over it. the moment has passed, but do you have any comebacks, or even jokes about french teachers in particular?
How do you organise a space party? You planet!
Guess what New york is going as for Halloween? New Orleans!
If the opposite of "pro" is "con"... Then what's the opposite of "progress?"
An American tourist is riding his mountain bike at breakneck speed down a narrow, twisting trail in the Swiss Alps As he goes to pass a local woman tending to her farm animals in a small field, she turns and yells at him, "PIG!!!!" The guy is a bit stunned, because the Swiss are usually polite and reserved. But he feels offended, and turns his head and yells back at her, "BITCH!!!" As he rounds the next turn, he rams directly into a pig standing in the middle of the trail.
On the subject of Macs and viruses... I was just having a conversation with someone who is about to buy a Mac. I was against it and an argument started. I said there were too few people supporting the Mac. He responded, "When was the last time you heard of a virus on a Mac?" And I said "See, even people who write viruses don't support Macs."
A thing of booty is a joy foreva...
Hey, Reddit! Here's one about cats: why did the mother cat move her kittens? She didn't want to litter.
Once in a village, a Goldman Sachs manager... announced to the villagers that he would buy monkeys for Rs 10. The villagers, seeing that there were many monkeys around, went out to the forest and started catching them. The man bought thousands at Rs 10 and as supply started to diminish, the villagers stopped their effort. He further announced that he would now buy at Rs 20. This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again. Soon the supply diminished even further and people started going back to their farms. The offer rate increased to Rs 25 and the supply of monkeys became so little that it was an effort to even see a monkey, let alone catch it! The man now announced that he would buy monkeys at Rs 50! However, since he had to go to the city on some business, his assistant would now buy on behalf of him. In the absence of the man, the assistant told the villagers, "Look at all these monkeys in the big cage that the man has collected. I will sell them to you at Rs 35 and when the man returns from the city, you can sell it to him for Rs 50." The villagers squeezed up with all their savings and bought all the monkeys. Then they never saw the man nor his assistant, only monkeys everywhere! Welcome to 'Goldman Sachs'!
What's the difference between a hockey team and a New Jersey hooker? A hockey team showers after 3 periods.
Mc'Donalds in hurricanes No wonder McDonalds places are still open during hurricane sandy. None off their customers can blow away anyways
How did Charles Darwin die? Natural causes.
BREAKING. With Disney buying Star Wars Donald Duck will now have four nephews. Huey, Louie, Dewey and Chewie.
The Oedipal complex.. It's the difference between MILF and M,ILF.
Attractive. Brainy. Romantic. Faithful. Makes good food. Gives great head. -- Online dating profile of a male praying mantis.
How's everyone holding up? It's crazy out there! I've killed 15 zombies so far! And why the hell are they all carrying candy?
Q: How do you fit 10 Amish in a VW Beetle? A:Tell them you are going to the livestock auction
Mary had a little lamb... ... and the doctor fainted.
My son got sent home from school today for chewing gum in class. I had to phone the teacher and explain to her that he's only trying to give up smoking.
So this redditor karma-whored by buying into the most short-lived bandwagon ever... ... by doing [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/fainting/). Now you unoriginal cunts can masturbate with bricks in there.
What do you call with a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky
What's the longest word in the world? Smiles. Because there's a mile between each 'S'.
what type of dog do you see at the zoo? a shitzu
A Chinese girl parked in a handicap space... And continues onto the shops, unaware she accidentally parked in the handicap space. Coming back to her car, she sees a ticket inspector writing a bunch of tickets. She has a lot of groceries an is hurried in putting them away. The parking inspector takes one look at her, says 'carry on and have a nice day', and continues walking. Puzzled, she resumes putting away the bags then decides to continue shopping. She later returns to her car and sees the same parking inspector. She approaches him and asks 'why didn't you give me a ticket earlier for illegally parking?'. The man replied 'love, I'm just happy that you're off the road.'
i went to the doctor and I said, 'Have you got anything for wind?' So he gave me a kite.
A grasshopper walks into a bar... and the bartender gets excited. The bartender says, "Hey, we've got a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies, "You've got a drink named Greg?"
What do you call a fake noodle? ... An "impasta"!!!!
How do you make a dog drink? Put it in a blender.
Why do gangsters hold their pistols sideways? Because that's how it comes in the box :D
My friend said he was really down because of his car troubles... I told him i didn't wan't to hear his saab story.
Why do jewish women like circumcised penises? What jew doesn't like 10% off?
What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole? A ten foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.
John and Bill decide to play some golf one morning... ...and they're not very good. So bad, that old ladies start passing them before they hit the back nine. At the sixteenth hole, they're both playing from the rough after their first strokes. Waiting at the tee box they see a skinny bearded man. "Mind if I play ahead?", the man asks. "Sure thing, buddy! Lord knows how long we'll be here.", Bill yells back. The man hits the ball over their heads and into the rough. Laughing and amongst themselves, they meander through the woods to find his ball being held by a squirrel. The squirrel runs up a tree, but is then swooped up by an owl. The owl takes flight over a water hazard and drops the squirrel, still holding the ball. The bearded man joins them and they walk towards the edge of the water. As they approach the water's edge, an alligator leaps out thrashes his head towards the group, spitting out the squirrel holding the golf ball. The squirrel rolls down green and into the hole, only to emerge without the ball and scurry away back into the woods. The three men run over to find the golf ball resting at the bottom of the hole. "Jesus Christ!", John yells out. The man nods. "Yup."
I was born Mary Patterson... but then I married and, naturally, I took my husbands name. So now I'm Neil Patterson. From "A Bit of Fry and Laurie"
Why did the Russian man get food poisoning? Because NE-coli.
"It could be worse!" There was a man named Charlie who was such a die-hard optimist. No matter how hard the situation was, he would always say, "It could have been worse." So to cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a story to trick him. One day, his friends told him, "Charlie, did you hear what happened to Rob? He came home last night, found his wife in bed with another man, shot then both, and turned the gun on himself!" "That's so tragic," Charlie replied, "but it could have been worse." "**HOW THE FUCK**," his dumbfounded friends replied, "could it **POSSIBLY** be **FUCKING WORSE???**" "Well," says Charlie, "**IF IT FUCKING HAPPENED THE NIGHT BEFORE, I'D BE FUCKING DEAD!**" Side note: Thank you reddit, this is my 3rd post on /r/Jokes that made it to the front page. Much appreciated! More jokes coming up!
What is a drug addicts favorite snack? Crack-ers
What's it called when Batman ditches church? Christian bail.
A group of friends went golfing one day... -and after the round one of the men was very distraught after hitting a 107. -He was so angry that he didn't even want to go to the bar afterwards to have a drink with his friends. -So he decided to just drive home and take a load off. -When he walked in the door his wife asked him how his round of golf went. -He then punched her right in the face and said "I'm hitting everything fat today."
A 1-2-3 punch of cow jokes **What do you call a cow with 2 legs?** *Lean beef.* **What do you call a cow with no legs?** *Ground beef.* **What do you call a masturbating cow?** *Beef strokinoff.*
I lost both my legs below the knee in an accident... ... and for years, no matter how hard my friends and family tried to convince me, I fought on without prosthetic replacements. In the end it became just too difficult, so I finally accepted defeat.
3 vampires walk into a bar... and of course everyone has to show off. So the first one goes to the bartender: "Give me some Bloody Marry!" Receives his drink. Takes it all in at once. Feeling like a boss. Second one goes: "Some Blood of a Monk for me!" Wish granted. Takes his shot. Feeling good! Third one goes: "Bartender, can I have a cup of hot water, please?" The other two vampires raise their eyebrows and give him a dirty look. He then proceeds to pull out a used tampon, and says: "Just feeling like some tea tonight."
What is the boogiemans favorite dance move? the boogie
Hear About the Restaurant on the Moon? Hear about the restaurant on the Moon? Great food but no atmosphere.
The more you read, the better it gets. A man was driving down the road when a police officer pulls him over. "Congratulations," says the police man. "You've won $500 in a safety contest for wearing your seat belt. What are you going to do with the money?" The driver says, "Oh, I'm probably going to go to the driver's academy and get my license." The woman in the passenger seat says, "Oh, don't mind him. He's stupid when he's drunk." This wakes up the person sitting in the backseat, who says "Oh darn, I knew we wouldn't get far in a stolen car." Then a voice from the trunk says in Spanish, "Are we over the border yet?"
If you men have your Movember, then us ladies should have our own.. Vajanuary.
There's a new drink called the Sandy It's a watered down Manhattan.
There are two penguins in a bathtub... One looked to the other and said, "No Soap Radio"
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
Three Swedish men visited Copenhagen and decided to go to a Saloon... They knocked on the door and the Madame opened. "What do you want?" "We want to come in. We are Swedish." "How much money are you willing to spend here?" "We have altogether 250 crones." "250 crones! For that price you can screw each other!" After saying this the Madame slammed the door shut. About 15 minutes later, the same three Swedish guys knocked on the door again. "Well, what do you want now?" They Said "Where do we pay?" [ps: got this joke by email. not sure why swedish. plz don't get offended].
Why was the Jewish man so defensive about his beer? Because Hebrewed it.
What do a tomato and a gay quadriplegic have in common? They are both fruits that are kind of like vegetables.
No power. Mitt Romney : "8 Million Americans still have no power." Obama: "8 Million and one."
A man, we'll call him Bob, walked into his doctor's office... ...and nervously approached the check-in desk. "What brings you in today?" asked the receptionist. Hesitantly, the man responded, "I have a green ring on my penis, and I don't know what it is." "No problem," the woman replied. "Please have a seat, and we'll be with you shortly. As Bob selected a chair, a man a few chairs over scooted closer and said, "I couldn't help but overhear your predicament. I'm in a similar situation, though my ring is red. Since I'm going in before you, I'll let you know what it is when I come out." "Sounds good," replied Bob. Shortly thereafter, the other man was called back to see the doctor. He emerged not 5 minutes later, laughing heartily with the doctor. Excitedly, Bob sprang from his chair and attacked the man with questions. "What was it? Is everything okay? What happened to you!?" "Don't worry about it," the man replied with a laugh. "When you're done in there, I promise, you'll find it as funny as I do." Less nervous now, Bob entered the examination room. "Okay, Bob, go ahead and drop your pants and we'll have a look at you." The doctor sat down in a stool and put on his glasses. Feeling slightly nervous again, Bob slowly lowered his pants. He had barely gotten to the middle of his thigh, when the doctor chimed in again. "I'm sorry Bob, but it looks like we're going to have to amputate. I'll schedule you an appointment immediately; it will take just a couple of minutes. As the doctor turned to leave the room, Bob exclaimed, "But that other man said it would be okay! He said everything was going to be just fine! He said this would be funny!" "Bob," replied the doctor, "there is a significant difference between lipstick and gangrene."
Chemistry Joke! Why can't acids argue well? All their statements are baseless.
Didja hear the joke about the piece of paper ripped in half? It's tearable.
(NSFW) A nun, who possessed miraculous healing powers, was taking a shower, when her fellow nun goes into her room, and says, "Sister, a blind man is here to see you." "I'm showering! Tell him to come back later," she replies. "But he says it's urgent; he cannot come back later." "Well, he's a blind man, so fine, send him in," she says as she turns off the water and opens the curtain. He walks in, and exclaims, "Geez lady, nice tits! Now where should I install these blinds?" ~~The nun fainted.~~
Little Johnny in springtime.... Little Johnny was riding the bus to school one spring. On the way to school he saw all kinds of wildlife. He saw some horses, some rabbits and a very large bull. When he got to class he was sitting in the back quietly for a change when all of a sudden he said "sheeeeeeeeeat" The teacher yelled at him and said "Little Johnny what is wrong with you!" Johnny replied, "Well teacher, I was thinking if I had a dick like that horse some balls like that bull and could fuck like them rabbits....... sheeeeeat!"
A man and a woman met in Vegas... A man and a woman met in Vegas. They caught sight of eachother and immediately fell deeply in love. That same night, the man proposes to her. She looks him in the eyes and says, "Honey, I have a confession. I am extremely flat chested. If that bothers you, let me know and I will leave now." "No no," he says. "That's fine. In fact, I have a confession too. I'm... 'just like a baby' down there. If that bothers you, I'll just leave..." "It's fine," she replies, happy they both got things off their chests (or lack thereof). That night, they get undressed and the woman passes out and hit the floor. The next morning, she wakes up and says: "What the FUCK was that? I thought you said you were like a baby!"  "Sweetie I am! 8 pounds and 21 inches!"
A guy is browsing r/jokes.. and he sees that apparently everyone in every joke faints. He thinks, "man, that's not funny at all. People should search for 'fainted' and mass downvote these posts". Then he fainted.
A Husband takes his wife to play her first game of golf. Of course, the wife promptly hacked her first shot right through the window of the biggest house adjacent to the course. The husband cringed, "I warned you to be careful! Now we'll have to go up there, find the owner, apologize &amp; see how much your lousy drive is going to cost us." So the couple walked up to the house &amp; knocked on the door. A warm voice said, "Come on in." When they opened the door they saw the damage that was done: glass was all over the place &amp; a broken antique bottle was lying on its side near the pieces of window glass. A man reclining on the couch asked, "Are you the people that broke my window?" "Uh...yeah, sir. We're sure sorry about that," the husband replied. "Oh, no apology is necessary. Actually I want to thank you.. You see, I'm a genie &amp; I've been trapped in that bottle for a thousand years. Now that you've released me, I'm allowed to grant three wishes. I'll give you each one wish, but if you don't mind, I'll keep the last one for my self." "Wow, that's great!" the husband said. He pondered a moment &amp; blurted out, "I'd like a million dollars a year for the rest of my life." "No problem," said the genie. "You've got it, it's the least I can do. And I'll guarantee you a long, healthylife!" "And now you, young lady, what do you want?" the genie asked. "I'd like to own a gorgeous home in every country in the world complete with servants," she said. "Consider it done," the genie said. "And your homes will always be safe from fire, burglary &amp; natural disasters!" "And now," the couple asked in unison, "what's your wish, genie?" "Well, since I've been trapped in that bottle &amp; haven't been with a woman in more than a thousand years, my wish is to have sex with your wife." The husband looked at his wife &amp; said, "Gee, honey, you know we both now have a fortune &amp; all those houses. What do you think?" She mulled it over for a few moments &amp; said, "You know, you're right. Considering our good fortune, I guess I wouldn't mind, but what about you, honey?" You know I love you, sweetheart," said the husband.I'd do the same for you!" So the genie &amp; the woman went upstairs where they spent the rest of the afternoon enjoying each other. The genie was insatiable. After about 3 hours of non-stop sex, the genie rolled over &amp; looked directly into her eyes &amp; asked, "How old are you and your husband?" Why, we're both 35," she responded breathlessly. "No kidding," he said."Thirty-five years old &amp; you both still believe in genies?
A specimen, you ask? So Mrs. O'Reilly, a dear old lady, hadn't been feeling too well lately, and she tells her husband, he tells her to give it a couple of days and if she still doesn't feel better, he'd take her to the doctor. A couple days pass, and dear old Mrs. O'Reilly isn't feeling any better so they make the trip to the hospital. The doctor gave Mrs. O'Reilly a full physical, checking anything that could be wrong but to no prevail, so he told her that he would need a specimen to be sure of what was making the old lady ill. Mrs. O'Reilly said okay and that she would return at her next appointment with the specimen. During the ride home, the car was silent between Mrs. O'Reilly and her husband until he finally asked what was wrong, she replied that the doctor would need a specimen, but she hadn't an idea what it was, her husband shrugged and said he hadn't the slightest, they agreed that Mrs. O'Reilly would ask their nice neighbor Ms. Thomas if she knew what it was when they got home. When they arrived, the husband went inside and Mrs. O'Reilly went over to Ms. Thomas' home. Mrs. O'Reilly returned about a half hour later, all beaten up, hair askew and winded, her husband asked her what happened, she replied "i knocked on the door, was let in and asked Ms. thomas is she knew what a specimen was, she replied, 'piss in a bottle' to which i retorted 'shit in a hat!' and the fight was on!"
So, I saw Simba walking today.. and he was walking too slow. So I told him "C'mon! Mufasa"! Edited for a bit more for clarity..
Preaching to a bear. A Catholic priest, a Baptist preacher and a Rabbi all served as Chaplains to the students of Northern Michigan University at Marquette in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. They would get together two or three times a week for coffee and to talk shop. One day, someone made the comment that preaching to people isn't really all that hard;a real challenge would be to preach to a bear. One thing led to another,and they decided to do an experiment. They would all go out into the woods, find a bear, preach to it, and attempt to convert it to their religion. Seven days later,they all came together to discuss their experiences. Father Flannery, who had his arm in a sling, was on crutches,and had various bandages on his body and limbs went first. "Well",he said,"I went into the woods to find me a bear. And when I found him, I began to read to him from the Catechism. Well,that bear wanted nothing to do with me and began to slap me around. So I quickly grabbed my holy water, sprinkled him and Holy Mary Mother of God he became as gentle as a lamb. The Bishop is coming out next week to give him first communion and confirmation." Reverend Billy Bob spoke next. He was in a wheelchair,had one arm and both legs in casts,and had an IV drip. In his best fire-and-brimstone oratory, he exclaimed,"Well,brothers, you know that we Baptists don't sprinkle! I went out and I found me a bear. And then I began to read to my bear from God's HOLYWORD! But that bear wanted nothing to do with me. So I took hold of him and we began to wrestle. We wrestled down one hill, up another and down another until we came to a creek. So I quickly DUNKED him and BAPTIZED his hairy soul. And just like you said, he became as gentle as a lamb. We spent the rest of the day praising Jesus. Hallelujah!" The priest and the preacher both looked down at the Rabbi,who was lying in a hospital bed. He was in a body cast and traction with IVs and monitors running in and out of him. He was in really bad shape. The Rabbi looked up and said: "Looking back on it, circumcision may not have been the best way to start."
A German entrepreneur is opening up a new furniture department store. Word is, its going to be called Kikea.
What do you call a fake pasta? An impasta.
Deductive Reasoning. A young construction worker has trouble with math, so his foreman tells him to take a math class at the local college. When the worker is at the college, he's told the only class available is Deductive Reasoning. "What's that?" asks the worker. "Here, I'll give you an example," says the professor. "Do you own a lawnmower?" "Yes" replies the worker. "Then do you own a house?" asks the professor. "Yes...how did you know?" asks the worker. "That's deductive reasoning. Since 98% of homeowners own a lawnmower, you most likely owned a house. Here, I'll take it further  are you married?" "Yes, how did you know?" asks the worker. "Again, that's deductive reasoning. You own a lawnmower, house and are young, therefore you're most likely married or engaged" replied the professor. "Here, I'll take it even further  are you a parent?" "We're expecting a child anytime" says the worker. "How did you know?" "That's deductive reasoning" replies the professor. "You own a lawnmower, house and are married. Here, I'll take it further yet  are you a heterosexual?" "Well, yeah, why would you ask?" says the worker. "That's deductive reasoning. You own a lawnmower, house, are married and have a kid on the way  most likely you're a heterosexual." "Interesting" says the worker "sign me up!" The next day at work, the workers foreman is talking to him. "Did you sign up for that math class?" the foreman asked. "No boss, it was all filled up. I signed up for Deductive Reasoning instead" replied the worker. "What's that?" asks the foreman. "Here, I'll give you an example  do you own a lawnmower?" asks the worker. "No" replies the foreman. "Well then, you're a fag!" exclaims the worker.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've already lost three days.
How do chickens connect online? faceBAWK!
Have you heard the new drink called Sandy? ...It's a watered down Manhattan!
My grandfather developed cancer in his early twenties. He is considered to be the most evil scientist that ever lived.
How's anal like your first car? (x-post from r/funny) You don't really want it, but your dad gives it to you anyways. (From Dark Humor on FB)
No I in team Word of advice; if anyone ever gives you the "There is no I in team!" speach, you look him dead in the eye and say "true, but there is a 'U' in dumb."
A long one but worth it. One day, God decided that he had allowed too many people into his heavenly realm, and decided that only people who had really bad day on the day that they died would be allowed in. A man came up to the God and asked if he could enter. "Only if you had a really bad day today - what did you do? The man sighed and said, "I had the worst day. Lately I have been working overtime at two jobs just trying to make ends meet. Today, my boss fired me because I accidentally spilled some coffee on him and now I can't make rent. Even worse, I came home early from work to tell my girlfriend that I got fired, and I found her naked in our bed. Although there wasn't a man in bed with her, I suspected he was in our apartment and began to look around. I looked out on the balcony and saw that there was a man hanging over the side trying to climb down to the ledge below. I got really angry and went out and smashed his fingers and pushed him off the 3rd floor balcony on my apartment. He fell into a tree and then to the ground, and in one final moment of rage I pushed our refrigerator out over the railing and it landed on the man, killing him instantly. I felt terrible afterwards, and jumped off the balcony to kill myself." "Wow that sounds terrible, you may come in," answered the Diety. A second man approached and the God told him the same thing he told the first one. The man responded, "I had an awful day. I work for a satellite dish company and install dishes for people at their homes. I was doing a job, setting up a dish on the railing of a 4th floor balcony when I lost my balance and slipped over the side. Luckily, I was able to grab the balcony of the floor below, but I was barely hanging on. I was hopeful when I saw a man open the door to the apartment and see me, but he suddenly charged and pushed me off the railing to fall below. A tree helped to break my fall, but I was still badly hurt. The last thing I saw before I died was a refrigerator falling out the sky towards me, and it was then that I realized I would never see my loved ones again." "Wow, that sounds terrible. You may certainly come in." A third man approached and the God once more asked how the man's day had been. A look of embarassment crossed the mans face and then he smirked and said, "Imagine this. I'm hiding butt naked in a refrigerator."
Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft.
Barber So a busy guy needed to get his haircut, but later found out he had a meeting right after. He went into the barber shop where he was greeted warmly. He sat down in a chair, and asked the barber if he could hurry up. "I could, but I'd have to cut it a little short"
Name three things that come in a little yellow box Kodak film, Dots candy and Woody Allen.
Accents are important. Would you rather be touched by Jesus or Jesus?
Why do midgets laugh when they run? Because the grass tickles their balls.
What was Hitler's favorite drunk food? Dictator-tots.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out
Did you hear what sandy did to New Jersey? A few billion dollars worth of improvements
Where does the army keep fish? In a tank.
Whenever the wind gets bad... I think to myself, "It may be windy but at least its not sandy."
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
My childhood was pretty traumatizing... for my parents.
Why does snoop dog need an umbrella? Fo' drizzle....
A lawyer and a senior citizen are on a plane... A lawyer and a senior citizen are sitting next to each other on a long flight. The lawyer is thinking seniors are not so smart and that he could get one over on them easily. So, the lawyer asks if the senior would like to play a fun game. The senior is tired and just wants to take a nap, so he politely declines and tries to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists, saying that the game is a lot of fun...."I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me only $5. Then you ask me one, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500," he says. This catches the senior's attention and, to keep the lawyer quiet, he agrees to play the game. The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the Earth to the Moon?" The senior doesn't say a word, but reaches into his pocket, pulls out a five-dollar bill, and hands it to the lawyer. Now, it's the senior's turn. He asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four?" The lawyer uses his laptop to search all references he can find. He sends e-mails to all the smart friends he knows, but to no avail. After an hour of searching, he finally gives up. He wakes the senior and hands him $500. The senior pockets the $500 and goes right back to sleep. The lawyer is going nuts not knowing the answer. He wakes the senior up and asks, "Well, so what goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four?" The senior reaches into his pocket, hands the lawyer $5, and goes back to sleep.
Two kids watch a pot-bellied man undress in a changing room, One of them say "What is in your tummy that makes it so round?" To have some fun the pot-bellied man says, "A bomb". Dumbfounded the second child says, "What a short fuse!"
Irish Prostitute- An old joke but still good! An Irish daughter had not been home for over 5 years. Upon her return, her father cursed her. Where have ye been all this time? Why did ye not write to us, not even a line? Why didn't ye call? Can ye not understand what ye put yer old mum thru? The girl, crying, replied, "Sniff, sniff....dad....I became a prostitute...." "Ye what!!? Out of here, ye shameless harlot! Sinner! You're a disgrace to this family." "OK, dad-- as ye wish. I just came back to give mum this luxurious fur coat, title deed to a ten bedroom mansion plus a savings certificate for $5 million." "For me little brother, this gold Rolex and for ye daddy, the sparkling new Mercedes limited edition convertible that's parked outside plus a membership to the country club....(takes a breath)....and an invitation for ye all to spend New Years' Eve on board my new yacht in the Riviera, and...." Now what was it ye said ye had become?" says dad. Girl, crying again, "Sniff, sniff....a prostitute dad! Sniff, sniff. "Oh! Be Jesus! Ye scared me half to death, girl! I thought ye said a Protestant. Come here and give yer old man a hug.
The candidates keep appealing to "Hard Working Americans"... But what about the Reddit community?
Nobody cares about Nihilism. The punchline.
You know what they say... 99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name
Why did the toast drop his ice-cream? He had butterfingers!
A penguin is having car trouble... A penguin is having car trouble, so he stops by a mechanic's shop for some repairs. He tells him he will need about an hour to find out what's wrong. The penguin walks downtown and it's a hot day, so he stops to get some ice cream. He doesn't have any arms to eat the ice cream with, so he just sticks his beak right into it. The penguin returns to the shop and the mechanic says "It looks like you blew a seal." The penguin replies "Nah man, it's just ice cream."
What am I? What has six tits and three teeth? The night shift at the Waffle House.
Golf Joke: Drag Charlie - YouTube Latest Golf Joke from www.TightLies.tv
What is a pirate's favorite class in school? Arrrrrrt class.
How does Moses make his tea? He brews it.
What cheese do hunters use to goad a bear out from its cave in the winter? Camenbert
Bus Erections An old Catholic nun is sitting on a bus, knitting for her sister's baby when a large amount of riders enter through the bus doors. A pair of Asian men sit behind her and begin to chat. She ignores most of their conversation until something causes her ears to prick up. "I cannot wait for an erection!" one of them says. To this the nun quickly turns around and begins to scold the young men. "Jesus would be disappointed at you! Have some respect to the young ones riding!" As she sits, one of the men looks at the other and whispers: "Wow, I didn't know Cathorics were so anti-poriticar."
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato? A dictator.
A fish lies on the ground outside of his tank, dead. The two remaining fish in the tank talk to each other: "What happened?!" "I don't really know... He just yelled 'EVOLUTION!' and jumped out."
A TV reporter and his cameraman are filming some lions in the Sahara desert, when suddenly the wind changes and the male picks up their scent. With a mighty roar the ferocious beast starts bounding towards them! Shocked and crying for help the reporter turns towards the cameraman, who had dropped the camera and was lacing up his shoes. Dumbfounded the reporter asks him: "What are you doing? You wont outrun a lion!" So the cameraman replies: "I may not be able to outrun him, but I only need to outrun you!"
Did you hear about the competition for the world's best Tie? There was no clear winner.
What did Redditor Jesus say to Lazarus? I see your dead body and raise you back to life (NSFL)
The Blind Man There was a blind man who had lived in a town for many years. Throughout his life he had learned the streets and knew where every building was: the school, the police station, the hospital etc. One morning he was walking down the street, and he walked to the fish market where he stopped for a moment. He then took a big breath and said "Good morning Ladies!"
Why does Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Who is the best Jewish cook? Hitler.
What do you call a lesbian with huge thumbs? Well-endowed. http://img487.imageshack.us/img487/3628/ellenplaidshirt022ex9.jpg
Snooki's kind of like Hurricane Sandy... She's large, slow-moving, an has blown just about everyone in the Jersey Shore.
How do you find an obese woman's vagina in the dark? Go through the folds of fat until you smell shit, then go back one.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.
What's the first thing a Navy wife does when she wakes up in the morning? She puts her clothes back on and goes home.
Why did the condom fly across the room? Because it was pissed off.
What did the terminally-ill dock worker say about his health care? "It's asbestos could be."
Each Man Gives A Story Three men were standing in line to get into heaven one day. Apparently it had been a pretty busy day, though, so Peter had to tell the first one, "Heaven's getting pretty close to full today, and I've been asked to admit only people who have had particularly horrible deaths. So what's your story?" So the first man replies: "Well, for a while I've suspected my wife has been cheating on me, so today I came home early to try to catch her red-handed. As I came into my 25th floor apartment, I could tell something was wrong, but all my searching around didn't reveal where this other guy could have been hiding. Finally, I went out to the balcony, and sure enough, there was this man hanging off the railing, 25 floors above ground! By now I was really mad, so I started beating on him and kicking him, but wouldn't you know it, he wouldn't fall off. So finally I went back into my apartment and got a hammer and starting hammering on his fingers. Of course, he couldn't stand that for long, so he let go and fell -- but even after 25 stories, he fell into the bushes, stunned but okay. I couldn't stand it anymore, so I ran into the kitchen, grabbed the fridge and threw it over the edge where it landed on him, killing him instantly. But all the stress and anger got to me, and I had a heart attack and died there on the balcony." "That sounds like a pretty bad day to me," said Peter, and let the man in. The second man comes up and Peter explains to him about heaven being full, and again asks for his story. "It's been a very strange day. You see, I live on the 26th floor of my apartment building, and every morning I do my exercises out on my balcony. Well, this morning I must have slipped or something, because I fell over the edge. But I got lucky, and caught the railing of the balcony on the floor below me. I knew I couldn't hang on for very long, when suddenly this man burst out onto the balcony. I thought for sure I was saved, when he started beating on me and kicking me. I held on the best I could until he ran into the apartment and grabbed a hammer and started pounding on my hands. Finally I just let go, but again I got lucky and fell into the bushes below, stunned but all right. Just when I was thinking I was going to be okay, this refrigerator comes falling out of the sky and crushes me instantly, and now I'm here." Once again, Peter had to concede that that sounded like a pretty horrible death. The third man came to the front of the line, and again Peter explained that heaven was full and asked for his story. "Picture this," says the third man, "I'm naked,hiding inside a refrigerator..."
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? Zero.
Sadly, very few people get this joke: "A termite walks into a bar and asks 'Is the bar tender here?'" -What's your favorite joke that no one gets?
An Englishman, and Irishman, and a Scotsman walk into a bar... The bartender says, "What is this? Some sort of joke?!"
Medical joke (makes you laugh even harder if u r a med student or a doc) A man comes to a doctor because of sore throat. The doctor tells him to pull down his pants and to swing his genitals in the window. "What does this have to do with my throat?" "Nothing, I just hate the neighbors."
What did the lesbian lumberjill say to her girlfriend? Have I got an ax to grind with you.
I'm one of those people who thinks different races shouldn't mix Which is why I don't participate in triathlons
Two goldfish are in a tank... One turns to the other and says: "You man the guns, I'll drive"
A new drink Some bars are serving this new drink called the "Hurricane Sandy". It's notjing special, really. It's just a watered down Manhattan.
What's black and blue and hates sex? ... a rape victim
What does Bob Marley put on his toast? Peanut butter and jammin!
Why was the motorcycle going so slow? Because it was two tired!
what is a calculators favorite food? pi!
This one came to me this morning - How do you spot a necrophiliac at a funeral? Mourning wood.
What do you get when you cross a killerwhale and a cow? I don't know but don't try to milk it!
What did the ground say to the earthquake? It's your fault!
I had no shoes and I felt sorry for myself..... Then I met a man with no feet. I took his shoes. Now I feel better.
Reddit, what's a joke you ABSOLUTELY HATE but everyone else seems to love? Mine is that old binary one - "There are 10 kinds of people in the world. Those who understand binary and those who don't." Well DUR HUR HUR, congratulations on counting to two. Being a timid person, I just chuckle and seethe on the inside.
I pushed the happy button... ...I just made it depressed.
A very elderly couple... A very elderly couple is having their 75th wedding anniversary. The man said to his wife "Dear there is something that i must ask you. It has always bothered me that our 10th child has never looked quite like the rest. Now I want to assure you that these 75 years have been the most wonderful experience I could have ever hoped for, and your answer could not take all of that away. But, I must know did he have a different father?" The wife drops her head unable to look her husband in the eye and then confessed. "Yes he did." The old man is very shaken, the reality of what his wife had said had hit him harder than he expected. With a tear in his eye he asks "Who? Who was he? Who was the father?" Again the woman drops her head, saying nothing at first as she tried to muster the courage to tell the truth to her husband. Then, finally she says to her husband, "You."
[REQUEST] Reddit, my dad's 50th birthday is coming up and my family is throwing a huge party for him. So I need a few jokes that I can tell during my speech at the party. Fire away! Any joke about old men being old is appreciated! Hopefully not too long, and not 100% inappropriate. (A little bit of raunchyness is welcome though) Thanks Reddit!
Ms Piggy... http://imgur.com/BtVKY
My grandfather drowned in varnish recently. A horrible way to go, but a lovely finish.
How did the native find his sister in the woods? Pretty good!
Have you heard about that new therapy they're using in Japan? Soy lattes up the rectum. It's supposed to have amazing health benefits. Enemame.
Why do Firemen have bigger balls than Policemen? Because they sell more tickets.
Why did the prostitute die? Because fuck you, thats why.
Not so funny short joke What is the difference between falling from the 1st floor and from the 10th floor? 1st floor : Splat, aaaaaahhh 10th floor: aaaaahhhh, Splat
Why do blacksmiths go to jail? Forging.
How do you count cows?/ cheese jokes with a cow-culator! sorry it was so cheesy, i know... im a muenster. now stop your cheddar and listen to me!! because i am feta up with you! i havarti admitted im cheesy!! thx for reading! :3
What's the difference between jam and marmalade? You can't marmalade your dick up a girls ass
How do you find a blind man at a nudist beach? It's not hard
What am I? I am a common object enjoyed by both sexes, normally about 8 inches long, with little hairs on one end, and a hole in the other. For most of the day I am laying down, but I am ready for instant action. When in use, I move back and forth and in and out of a warm, moist hole. When the work is finally done, a white, slushy, sticky mush is left behind and I return to my original position. Cleaning is normally done after I have finished. What am I? Why, I am your very own toothbrush!
Did you hear about this year's newest fad diet coming out of New York and New Jersey? The swim-fast diet.
Prostitute+McDonalds Going to Mc'Donalds for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
A drunk guy is in a bar....... A drunk guy is in a bar when he suddenly says "Hey everyone! I bet I can fart the national anthem!" People start coming wondering if he'd really do it. The man then takes off his pants,kneels on the bare counter and takes a shit. The angry bartender then asks him what the fuck he was doing and the drunk responded "Well even Elvis had to clear his throat!"
Why do mice have such small balls? Because so very few mice know how to dance...
What do you call a Pakistani man who's been everywhere and done everything?? Bin-der-done-dat
What do you call a room full of Amish prostitutes? A furry fish market.
Why did the storm trooper get an iPhone? He couldn't find the Droid he was looking for
I submit to you, the only joke I have ever heard my father tell. There are two trees in the forest; one a birch, one a beech. They have grown up together from saplings to fully grown trees. They always had a healthy rivalry going, arguing about everything from the weather to the composition of the soil. In their older years a little sapling started to sprout between them and the birch said: "Hey, I bet you that's the son of a birch." "No sir, you are mistaken. That is the son of a beech." This went on back and forth for years, son of a birch, son of a beech. Until one day a woodpecker flew up to the top of the beech tree and started pecking. The beech tree said: "Hey woodpecker, could you do us a favor. Me and Mr. Birch have a bet about that sapling down there. Could you check it out and tell us if it is a son of a beech, or a son of a birch. The woodpecker replies: "No problem. I can figure this out for you guys." The woodpecker flies down to the sapling, pecks at it for a minute, and flies up to the beech tree. The beech asks: "So, what's the verdict? Is it a son of a birch, or a son of a beech?" The woodpecker replies: "I don't know what all your fuss was about, but that was the best piece of ash I have ever put my pecker in."
I try to tell this joke in english :] There's a young boy, with no arms, nor legs called Lumpi. Lumpi plays in front of his house in the sandbox, then a window opens on the 4th floor and Lumpi's mother yells at him "Lumpi time to eat!" and she throws down a rope. As Lumpi sees the rope hanging out of his window, he starts to rob to the rope and bite's it! He trained hard to hold himself on the rope with his teeth. Lumpi is very hungry and starts to pull himself up only with his teeth. Lumpi pulls and pulls, he's on the 1st floor, the window opens and a young Lady smiles at him, Lumpi smiles back, then pulls again...and again, 2nd floor the window opens and an old man sees him and waves at him, Lumpi shakes his head to greet back, then he start's to pull himself up again. Lumpi, all sweaty and hungry now on the the 3rd floor, near his own window on the 4th floor. The window on the 3rd floor opens and a Lady sees him, then she says "Hi Lumpi! What are you going to eat now?" and Lumpi replies " Pizaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!...." Sry for my bad english, I just tried to tell a joke in english that I know in my own language. :)
Comeback Stories. In a Feminism 101 course there is one male frat boy student and the rest of the students are girls. The teacher asks the class "what are some great female comeback stories?" the sporty girls say "Vanessa Williams" and "Drew Barrymore". The girl obsessed with politics says "Hillary Clinton" and "Nancy Pelosi". The frat boy speaks up and says "Kim Kardashian". The whole class looked angrily at the frat boy, the teacher said "I would hardly call her story a comeback story" The frat boy says "well in the video I'm pretty sure she got some cum on her back."
What's the best part about a hooker dying on you? The second hour's free.
I like my coffee like I like my women... without a penis.
What's more fun than swinging a dead baby by a string? Stopping it with a shovel!
A woman was walking home all alone... It was late at night in a sketchy part of town. She notices the figure of a tall dark man about a block behind her, but thinks nothing of it and continues to walk home. A little while later she checks again and the figure is still there, but this time significantly closer to her, she quickens her pace and continues checking over her shoulder, each time the dark figure closes the gap little by little. She decides she can't take it anymore and starts running, the chase is on. In a moment of panic the woman turns down a dead end alleyway, wherein the stalker knew she was trapped. The figure, slowly approaching the dainty, defenseless victim let out a sexual but grimacing "mmmm." The woman tried to scream, but nothing came from her throat, she was slowly accepting her fate and slumped into a corner, clinging to the wall, pleading and weeping silently to herself. The would be rapist then threw open its trench coat, revealing tight fitting clothes over a woman's body, and childishly shrieked "Orange you glad I don't have a banana?"
What did the hot dog say on the toilet? Mustuuurd
This one is special to me. My grandfather was a jokester all his life. About a month after he died, I had a lucid dream where I was talking to him, and imagined him telling me one last joke: Me: "Pop pop, what is the afterlife like?" Him: "It's hot."
What is the difference between a BMW and a baby carriage? The baby carriage is the result of last year's fun on wheels.
What is a sorority girl's favorite type of cheese? Feta
There are three types of people in the world... those who can count, and those who can't.
2 Italian men So 2 Italian men walk into a bus after it stops. They sit behind a lady who trys not to listen to their conversation but is curious. One says "Emma come first. Den I come. Two asses dey come together. Den I come again. Two asses they come together againa. Then I come and pee twice. Then I come again." The woman then says a loud "You foul mouthed swines! In America we don't talk about our sex lives in public! "Hey cool down lady" the Italian said. "Imma just trying to tell my friend how to spell Mississippi!
As many as I want A boy and a little girl are playing. He pulls down his shorts and says, "I have one of these and you don't." The little girl starts crying and crying and runs home to her mother. The next day the boy and the girl are playing together again. Once again he points to his private parts and says, "I have one of these and you don't." But this time the little girl just keeps on playing. "How come you're not crying today," asks the boy. "My mother told me," says the little girl, pulling up her dress, "that with one of these, I can get as many of those as I want."
Mr Alligator is swimming down the river and he's very upset. For weeks now, Mr Monkey has been harassing him from the trees, throwing rocks and turds, calling him names, and being an asshole in general. Mr Monkey had the high ground. Mr Alligator was sick of it, so he hatched a plan to get the best of Mr Monkey. He said to him self "I know Monkey's at his favorite fishing spot right now. Here's what I'll do... I'm gonna swim up to him, and I'm gonna say: 'Hey, Monkey... Catch anything yet?' And if he says no, I'll say: 'That's no surprise... Because you're a stupid fuckin' monkey.' And if he says yes, I'll say: 'Well that's a surprise... Because you're a stupid fuckin' monkey.' " So he swam over to the fishing spot, suppressing giggles. He knew he had the drop on Mr. Monkey. Monkey had no idea what was coming. Mr. Alligator swam up and said "Hey, Monkey." Mr. Monkey looked at him and said "What do you want you green piece of shit?"
The Vicar's Salary At Sunday church the local Vicar explains that he must move on to a larger congregation that will pay him more. There is a hush within the congregation. No one wants him to leave because he is so popular. Fred Smith, who owns several car dealerships in Glasgow, stands up and proclaims: 'If the Vicar stays, I will provide him with a new Mercedes every year, and his wife with a Volkswagen mini-van to transport their children!' The congregation sighs in appreciation and applauds. Sam Brown, a successful entrepreneur and publican, stands and says, if the Vicar will stay on here, I'll personally double his salary and establish a foundation to guarantee private secondary school education for all of his children!' More sighs and loud applause. Agnes Jones, age 88, stands and announces with a smile, 'If the Vicar stays, I will give him free sex.' There is total silence. The Preacher, blushing, asks her: 'Mrs. Jones, you're a wonderful and holy lady, whatever possessed you to say that?' Agnes's 90-year old husband, Joe, is now trying to hide, holding his forehead with the palm of his hand and shaking his head from side to side, while his wife replies: 'Well, I just asked my husband how we could help, and he said, 'Fuck him'.
What would Elvis Presley be doing if he were alive today? Scratching at the inside of his coffin.
How do you catch a bear? First, dig a large bear-sized hole. Then, burn up some paper and fill the hole with ash. Lastly, kick the bear in the ash-hole.
Fill in the blank: Friends are like_____ mine is "Friends are like trees, if you hit them with an axe they fall over."
A priest, a pedophile, and a pervert walk into a bar And he orders a drink
I play my women like I play the cello. I don't play the cello.
Did you hear about the priest who gardens? He tends to it religiously!
Why did Hitler kill himself? He got the gas bill.
The screw Lewis is going to pick up his date on a Saturday night. When he goes to the front door, the girl's father answers and invites him in. She's not ready yet, so why don't you have a seat?," he says. "That's cool" says Lewis. Her father asks Lewis what they're planning to do. Lewis replies politely that they will probably just go to the soda shop or a movie. The girl's father responds "why don't you two go out and screw? I hear all the cool kids are doing it." Naturally, this comes as a quite a surprise to Lewis - so he asks the Dad to repeat it. "Yeah," says her father, "She really likes to screw; she'll screw all night if we let her!" Well, this just made Lewis' eyes light up, and his plan for the evening was beginning to look pretty good. A few minutes later, his date comes downstairs in her little poodle skirt and announces that she's ready to go. Almost breathless with anticipation, Lewis escorts his date out the front door. About 20 minutes later, she rushes back into the house, slams the door behind her, and screams at her father: "Dammit Daddy! It's called the twist!"
A chicken walks into a library.... A chicken walks into the library. It goes up to the circulation desk and says: "book, bok, bok, boook". The librarian hands the chicken a book. It tucks it under his wing and runs out. A while later, the chicken runs back in, throws the first book into the return bin and goes back to the librarian saying: "book, bok, bok, bok, boook". Again the librarian gives it a book, and the chicken runs out. The librarian shakes her head. Within a few minutes, the chicken is back, returns the book and starts all over again: "boook, book, bok bok boook". The librarian gives him yet a third book, but this time as the chicken is running out the door, she follows it. The chicken runs down the street, through the park and down to the riverbank. There, sitting on a lily pad is a big, green frog. The chicken holds up the book and shows it to the frog, saying: "Book, bok, bok, boook". The frog blinks, and croaks: "read-it, read-it, read-it"
An Irish man walks out of a bar.
Did you hear they are still going to run the New York Marathon? Phelps is the favourite.
what does a frozen beer, burnt pizza, and pregnant girl all have in common? they all happened because some dumbass didn't pull it out in time.
Confucius say man who run in front of car... ...get tired.
Confucius say man who run behind car... ...get exhausted.
New subreddit r/oneliners? How does everyone feel about making a new joke subreddit for oneliners, because most of the time I open a /r/jokes post it is so long that I don't read it, it puts me off reading them and you cant make a tl;dr for a joke so why not have a subreddit for oneliners.
What do cats eat on a hot summer day? Micecream!
A man's three daughters have their first dates A man has three daughters and they all have dates on the same night. Now he's a protective father so he sets his shotgun by the door in case he thinks they're too shifty. The first guy walks in and says, "Hey, I'm Joe, I'm here to pick up Flo, is she ready to go?" The dad thinks, all right, this guy seems okay and lets Flo go out. Second guy comes and says, "Hey, I'm Freddy, here to pick up Betty, is she ready?" Dad thinks, okay, this guy seems okay; so he lets Betty go. Third guy comes in and says, "Hey, my name's Chuck-" BOOM goes the shotgun.
(Xpost Antijokes) Check yourself before you wreck yourself... ...with dick cancer. Happy Movember. http://us.movember.com/mens-health/
What did one triangle say to the other triangle? Hey, we should get together and square dance!
A pony recently got to work as a teacher, But 1 day before school starts he got a cold. Naturally he couldn't talk as loud as usual so the next day he comes into the class and says: "Good morning! Sorry if I'm being a bit quiet, I'm just a little horse."
An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar. The barman looks up and says; 'Is this a joke?'
Two martial artists... ...are arguing over who would win a fight between a skilled swordsman carrying a broadsword and a master wielder of an epee. They agree that the only way to settle the argument is actually to fight one another, each using one of the two weapons. An epic battle ensues and then, the two swordsmen feinted.
What's a specimen? Mama mia, it's an Italian astronaut!
What do four out of five guys love to do? Gang-rape.
Help with dirty Johnny jokes I was wondering if anyone here knows of "dirty johnny" jokes? When I was younger my uncle and his friends use to say these all the time. I am going to a reunion and I think he would appreciate me exchanging some Johnny jokes with him. May or may not be the right place to ask, but if you know pls comment!
Why are there so few female politicians? It's hard to put makeup on two faces.
I see the joke your dad told you, and raise you my dads dumb ass joke What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are a dollar fifty, deer nuts are under a buck!
I thought for my whole life that air was free... ...then I bought a bag of chips.
They say that penis size is directly related to shoe size. Which makes the fear of being raped by a clown that much scarier.
A man in a bar A man is sitting in a bar with his friends, having a good time, when suddenly another man hobbles over. "I fucked your mother last night," said the man, before walking back to the other side of the bar. The first man continues drinking and laughing with his friends, when the same man once again walks over to him. "I gave it to your mother good last night," said the man, before once again going back across the bar. Once again, the first man continues to have fun and drink with his friends. A few minutes later, the same man from the first two times walked over to the first man. "Your mother had my cock in her mouth last night," said the man. The first man stands up, turns around and says "Go home Dad, you're drunk!"
Old Lady in the Outback Three brothers were lost in the desert. For two days they were stranded surviving off of bugs. On the third day, they came across a strange looking shack. The three brothers went to the door and knocked hoping someone was inside. They knocked again and out came a dirty, wrinkly old lady wearing thick glasses. The first brother said "Excuse me, we are lost and we need some assistance. May we use your phone?" The old lady seemed to ponder for a moment and said with a smile on her face "I will let you use my phone only if you three young men will do something for me. At my age of 106, I haven't been with a man in 70 years. If each of you boys have sex with me, you can use my phone." The boys drew back in disgust and ran off. They discussed the proposition. No one wanted to do it, but the oldest brother realized something had to be done. "I'll go in and have sex with her three times and then she will let us use her phone." So the older brother returns to the lady and goes inside. The lady was not wearing her glasses anymore. "Go ahead, i will just lay here." In desperation, the brother looked around for some way to get out of this. He finally spotted three pieces of corn on the counter. The grabbed one and did the deed and threw it out the open window. The old woman said that it was the best sex she had ever had. She said again and the brother used the second piece of corn on the old lady and threw it out the open window as well. She said that it was even better than before, so much that she said she should be good for another 20 years and that she didn't need it a third time. She led him to a phone where he called a relative to come pick him and his brothers up. Disgusted, he walked outside where his brothers were on the ground laughing at the sight of him. In unison the two brothers said "Ha, while you were in there having sex with that nasty old woman, we were out here feasting on two of the best pieces of buttered corn we have ever had."
A man is having problems pleasing his wife... so he goes to the doctor and says "Doc, I'm having trouble pleasing my wife in bed." So the doctor prescribes the man some sex enhancement pills. The man goes home and get's ready to have sex with his wife, but before he does he gets his pills. He reads the label and it say "For good sex, take one pill." The man thinks to himself "Well I wanna have EXTREMELY good sex!", so he takes 4 pills. The next day, the neighbor sees the man's son crying on the front porch. He walks up to the kid and asks "What's wrong, boy?" "Well, my mom's dead, my sister is pregnant, my butt hurts, and Dad is in the basement saying 'Here kitty kitty kitty!"
A Priest, a Preacher, and a Rabbi... A Catholic priest, Baptist preacher, and a rabbi were known to meet up every week and talk about religion and their respective churches. One week, they were discussing converting people to their faith and each agreed that people are easily manipulated and that it was no true test of skill and that attempting to convert a bear would be the true test. After talking about it for a while, the three agree to each go into the woods and try to convert a bear to the respective faith and they compare notes at the next meeting. The week passes and at the next meeting, the Catholic priest comes in with a cast on each arm and one on his leg. He is wearing a neck brace and has scratches all across his faith. As he tells his story, he says, "Well, I went out into those woods and before long, I had walked right up on a bear. I got the bear's attention and started in on my homily. The bear didn't respond well and attacked me and as we fought, I splashed holy water on the bear and baptized him on the spot. Immediately, the bear calmed down and was at peace." The Baptist preacher was up next. He was in a wheel chair with casts on both legs and an arm in a sling. "Similar to your experience Father, I too found a bear very quickly and began my sermon. The bear seemed to listen for a while but as I continued he grew more and more aggressive. As I read passages from the Bible, the bear attacked me and we began wrestling on the side of a hill. Locked in a stalemate, we began rolling, end over end down the steep hillside until we landed with a splash in a narrow stream. Right then, I dunked the bear underwater and baptized him in the name of Jesus. Immediately, the bear calmed down and was at peace." The priest and the preacher look at the rabbi, who is laid out on a stretcher in a full body cast, barely hanging on to life. The priest speaks up, "So, Rabbi, tell us your story." The rabbi is barely audible as the preacher and priest lean in close to hear. "Well, I too found a bear, and I don't know what I could have done to convert him, but I do know that starting with a circumcision was a bad idea!"
Two blondes walk into a library That's the joke
Two guys walk into a bar... The third guy ducks.
So bartenders are starting to make a drink called the "Hurricane Sandy"... Essentially, it's a just a watered-down Manhattan.
Have You Heard About the New Italian Sports Cars? Dago up a hill, dago down a hill, and when they get a flat tire, dago wop-wop-wop-wop-wop.
I'm going to tell you a pizza joke actually never mind it's too cheesy.
3 Chinese tortures A lonely and tired wanderer is rambling and ambling across China. He has been wandering, and pondering life for three days. He stumbles upon an old cottage and thinks, maybe I may stay here for the night, as three days without rest, food, or drink, is a long time, and he was quite tired. So, he knocks on the knocker, and a short, dark old man, with a long white beard, answered. The wanderer says to him, "I have been wandering, pondering, and rambling and ambling for three days and am quite tired. May I bunk here for the night?" the man says, "yes. But you mustn't ever have a thought of lust towards my daughter, or you will suffer the three worst Chinese tortures." the man agrees and comes in. He cleans up, and heads down for dinner. As he is sitting at the table, a young, busty, beautiful woman walks down the stairs. The man stares for so long, his eyes begin to water. After dinner, he couldn't help himself, and snuck to her room, and had the most enjoyment any man could have. He sneaks back to his room and falls asleep. The next morning, he wakes up to find a rock on his belly. A note on the rock reads, 'torture #1: uncomfortable rock on the abdomen' The man thinks, 'the old man will have to do better than that', and throws the rock out the window. As he does this, he sees another note that reads, 'Chinese torture #2: rock tied to left testicle' the man panics, and jumps out the window after the rock. As he falls he sees the third and final note, which reads, much to his dismay, 'Chinese torture #3:right testicle tied to bed post"
Why do they ask you if you would like paper or plastic at the grocery store? Because baggers can't be choosers,
There's two guys in a bar..... There's two guy's in a bar having a drink , his friend comes over and sits beside him and ask's him "do you want a little" , the guy says "yea sure" his friend says "well there's this lady out in the parking lot in a van and she's giving it up for five bucks", so the guy runs out there bangs on the side of the van and gets in, halfway through, a cop shows up shines the light in the van , the guy gets up and says to the officer " don't worry officer it's my wife!!!" and the officer "oh I'm sorry I didn't know" he says, the guy says " well I didn't know either until you shined the light".
So, a half-pig half-sheep female is going out on a blind date........ Her mom tells her, "Honey, we're of mixed heritage. Make sure your mates are mixed like us. We don't want purebreds.", and the daughter said, "Sure, but most importantly I just want him to be a fun and interesting person." The half-pig half-sheep girl comes back from her blind date later that evening, her mom asks, "So, is he the one?", to which the daughter replies, "Nah, he was an absolute boar."
My dad's favourite joke. Mine too. There was a scientist working away in obscurity for years with peculiar experiments on spiders. After years and years he placed an advertisement in several academic journals to let the community know he and was to host a live show to demonstrate his findings. At the event hundreds were there more out of curiosity than anything as the details of the findings were kept secret. The man himself wandered on stage and silenced the murmurs. 'Today I will demonstrate two things. The first being that spiders can understand and respond to basic commands.' The crowd laughed and jeered but undeterred he opened a box on his desk and a spider crawled out. 'Spider, walk left' The spider moved to its left. The crowd was silenced. 'Spider, move right.' The spider moved right. The crowd gasped. Forward, backward, the spider responded again and again. The crowd applauded in awe. The scientist then removed all of the spider's legs. The crowd, confused by this, watched in silence. 'Move left' The spider didn't move. 'Move right' Nothing. Forward, backward, no response. 'This is to demonstrate my second finding. Once you remove a spider's legs, it goes deaf.'
What kind of music do old people listen to Myback music. ill show myself out
Did you hear that Castro's body double retired? He was tired of playing second Fidel.
You know what they say about guys with big feet? They say that shoe shopping is a horrible ordeal for us, and you wouldn't believe how accurate that statement is. I looked through 7 different stores to find a pair that fit me. Thank god that one is still in business, I've worn the same model for 5 years now because they're the only ones that fit. And don't get me started on ski boots. It took 6 months of searching until I found a pair in the very back of a small shop 50 miles away from where I live. This whole thing is an exercise in frustration. At least having a huge cock makes up for it.
Two blonds walk into a bar... ...you think one of them would have noticed
What do you say when a virgin sneezes? Goesintight.
Morse code is like taking a shower with black guys and asian Long short long long long short long short short
My grandad shared this joke the other day A man was at the checkout of a supermarket with his shopping on the conveyer belt, the cashier took a look at the man's shopping and then asked the man "you're single aren't you?" The man, astounded replies "yes, you could tell that just from what I'm buying?" To which the cashier replies " No, you're ugly"
Dr. Drobkin was a world famous cardiologist... He grew up in a very small town and when he had finished all of his schooling, he returned to his small hometown and opened a practice which also became world famous. A short time after his practice had gained credibility and esteem, Dr. Drobkin made a fantastic discovery about the treatment of cardiopulmonary disease. Drobkin's love for his hometown was so strong, that he decided that he would reveal his discovery and the paper he had written about it in the local high school auditorium. The day of the announcement came, and the auditorium was at full capacity. The mayor of the town introduced Dr. Drobkin and when Drobkin approached the dais, he dropped all of his notes on the floor. As he bent down to pick them up, he farted directly into the microphone. Absolutely humiliated Dr. Drobkin immediately left the stage, and he was not seen in his hometown for years. 20 years later, he received word that his mother had died and that her funeral would be in his hometown. Drobkin decided that he had no choice but to return to the town. In order to protect his identity, he would reserve the hotel room under a pseudonym, Harold Graves. Upon checking into the hotel he was escorted to his room by the bellhop who, as was customary, asked Mr. Graves if he had ever been to the town before. "I was born and raised here, but I was forced to leave after I was humiliated beyond repair, simply devastated. I haven't dared to show my face in this town for many years." The bellhop attempted to ease the situation saying, "Now, generally people tend to blow things like that well out of proportion in their own memories. I'm sure your ordeal wasn't nearly as catastrophic as you think it was." Graves assured the young man that it most certainly was, and the bellhop asked, "Well was it before or after the Drobkin Fart?"
A Pirate Walks into a Bar A pirate walks into a bar, the bartender looks at him and says "Hey Pirate, you've got a steering wheel hanging from your pants". The pirate says "Yarr, and it's drivin' me nuts"
Hilter at a bar A man walks into a bar and notices Hitler sitting in the corner. The man goes up to the bartender and asks "Hey, what's up with Hitler over there?" The bartender replies "Oh, he just comes in and sits there by himself. If you buy him a drink though, he'll answer one question for you." So the man buys a drink and brings it to Hitler. He then asks "Hitler, how many people have you killed?" Hitler responds "Six million Jews, and one clown". Confused, the man brings Hitler another drink. "Hitler, why'd you kill the one clown?" "See? Nobody cares about the Jews."
What do you call 3 Irish tree surgeons? Tree fellas
A Leprechaun Walks Into a Bar So a Leprechaun walks into a bar. The bartender says, "You look a little tired, bud. What can I get you?" The Leprechaun says, "I'll take 15 shots of your finest whiskey." The bartender says, "Okay... but you shouldn't take them all at once." The bartender brings the Leprechaun his drinks. The bartender says, "What's on your mind?" The Leprechaun says, "I've been having troubles..." The Leprechaun proceeds to take 1 of the 15 shots. The bartender says, "What kinda troubles?" The Leprechaun looks at him, takes the 14 shots and says, "I ain't got no money!"
Blonde on a plane. (First submission, Hope people like it) A very attractive blonde boards a plane for a long flight and settles in. As she is leaning against the window trying to get some rest a business man takes the seat next to her. "Hi I'm Frank" he says. "Oh hi" says the blonde before she tries to settle back in. "Wait a second now" says the guy "this is a long flight why don't we play a game. Tell you what, I will ask you a question, if you don't know the answer you have to give me $5. Then you can ask me a question and if I don't know the answer you get $500." "Ok fine" says the Blonde. "Alright! What is the Capital of Malta?" Admittedly the Blonde didn't know she she hands the guy $5. "See!" he says "It's a fun game! now you ask me one." "Alright... What goes up a hill on three legs, and comes down the hill on five?" Now the business guy is genuinely stumped. He pulls out his laptop and goes to work. As he does the blonde goes back to sleep. About an hour later the guy taps her on the shoulder "Alright... I have been every where on the internet, I tried everything and I can't figure it out. Here." and he gives the Blonde $500 "Thanks" she says and rolls back over to go to sleep "Wait! You can't just go to sleep! I want to know! What goes up a hill on three legs on down the hill on five?!" The blonde just smiled at him and handed him $5.
What do you call a blind buck? No idear. What do you call a blind buck with no legs? Still no idear.
Cake day post: What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot
Two children playing in the sandbox A austrian and a jewish boy are playing together in the sandbox. The austrian has built this really awesome sandcastle with a little drawbridge made from wood, and cute little battlements. The other boy has made a big pile of sand. Then he looks over to the other boy full of envy, gets angry and smashes the castle to pieces with his shovel. The little boy, whose sandcastle was smashed to smithereens starts crying and says: "Just you wait, someday I'm gonna pay you back!" In this moment his mom is calling for him: " Adolf, dinner is ready"
It's starting to look like Christmas in New York A lot of the stores have trees in the window
President Lincoln "I'm going to miss you, President Lincoln," said John Wilkes Booth. Booth lied. He didn't.
My friend told me this one Q: Why is it so hard to make up your mind on what to get in an Italian restaurant? A: There are just too many pastabilities!
I'm on the fence about Hitler On one hand he killed 6 million Jews. On the other hand he did kill Hitler
Classic nursery rhyme Jack and Jill went up a hill, each had a quarter. Jill came down with fifty cents, you think they went for water?
Joke from my childhood: What do you call a pig that losses its voice? Disgruntled
We heard that the building was being attacked by a giant fly... ... So we called the SWAT team.
A child was born without a body... The doctor said there was nothing they could do, but the parents cared for their child anyways. Several years later, the parents were approached by the same doctor, saying, "I've got some good news. We now have the capability to give your child a body, would you like that?" Of course the parents were overjoyed and immediately agreed. Another few years went by, and the parents enjoyed being able to hold their child at least, but they wanted their child to have the best life possible, so of course they accepted when the doctor offered to give their child arms. They loved being able to play with their baby, but were sad that they couldn't teach him to walk. They prayed for the day that the doctor would come just one last time, and it finally came. The doctor asked if they would like to try a new procedure to give their child legs, and they joyfully accepted. They enjoyed all their time running and playing with their newly whole child, until one day the child was playing in the yard and ran right in front of a cement truck and died. I guess you could say that the moral of this story is, "stop while you're a head".
Why couldn't the Pokemon tell a joke? Because he fainted.
[M]y boyfriend asked me i[f] I could do him in the butt. I never pegged him for that type of guy.
Golf Joke: The Cast Away - YouTube http://thesandtrap.com/t/63042/golf-joke-the-cast-away-youtube
With age comes wisdom. All the guys were at a deer camp. No one wanted to room with Leon , because he snored so badly. They decided it wasn't fair to make one of them stay with him the whole time, so they voted to take turns. The first guy slept with Leon and comes to breakfast the next morning with his hair a mess and his eyes all bloodshot. They said, "Man, what happened to you?" He said, " Leon snored so loudly, I just sat up and watched him all night." The next night it was a different guy's turn. In the morning, same thing, hair all standing up, eyes all bloodshot. They said, "Man, what happened to you? You look awful!" He said, 'Man, that Leon shakes the roof with his snoring. I watched him all night." The third night was Fred's turn. Fred was a tanned, older cowboy, a man's man. The next morning he came to breakfast bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. "Good morning!" he said. They couldn't believe it. They said, "Man, what happened?" He said, "Well, we got ready for bed. I went and tucked Leon into bed, patted him on the butt, and kissed him good night. Leon sat up and watched me all night." With age comes wisdom.
Getty Yup! Cowboy: "Give me 3 packets of condoms, please." Cashier: "Do you need a paper bag with that, sir?" Cowboy: "Nah.... She ain't that ugly."
Duck tape. An old man is sitting on his front porch when a young boy comes walking by with several rolls of tape in his arms. "Now son, whatcha doin' with that tape?" asks the old man. "Well sir, it's duck tape. I'm going to go catch some ducks." replies the boy. Old man laughs and watches the boy continue down the road. Several hours later the boy walks back by the old mans house with tape strung out behind him. Stuck to the tape are several ducks. "I'll be damned," thinks the old man. The next day the same boy walks back by the old mans house carrying rolls of wire. "Hey son, what's with the wire?" "Well sir, it's chicken wire. Imma catch me some chickens." Kid continues on and returns several hours later dragging the wire behind him. Stuck in the wire were several chickens. "Kid is something else," thinks the old man. Next day kid comes walking up the road carrying a bundle of sticks. "Hey son, what's with the sticks?" "Well sir, it's pussywillow..." Old man interrupts, "Hold on, I'll get my hat."
Three men are captured by criminals The criminal's leader says that if the men can go into the jungle and find 10 of the same fruit they would be freed. So they go into the jungle. The first man comes back with apples and was told by the leader that if he could shove all his fruits up his butt without wincing or making faces they would be freed. So the man shoves the first one up and then a second one accept he winced so they killed him. The second man comes in with berries. He's all the way to 8 when he bursts out laughing and is killed. In heaven the first man asks the second man "why did you burst out laughing you could of made it?" The second man replies "I couldn't help it I saw the third guy come into the clearing with pineapples.
What did the tomato say to the cheese in court? I rest my queso.
So a DEA officer walks into a farm.. A DEA officer stopped at our farm yesterday "I need to inspect your farm for illegal growing drugs." I said "Okay , but don't go in that field over there.....", The DEA officer verbally exploded saying, " Mister, I have the authority of the Federal Government with me!" Reaching into his rear pants pocket, the arrogant officer removed his badge and shoved it in my face. "See this fucking badge?! This badge means I am allowed to go wherever I wish.... On any land !! No questions asked or answers given!! Have I made myself clear?.... do you understand?!!" I nodded politely, apologized, and went about my chores. A short time later, I heard loud screams, looked up, and saw the DEA officer running for his life, being chased by my big old mean bull...... With every step the bull was gaining ground on the officer, and it seemed likely that he'd sure enough get gored before he reached safety. The officer was clearly terrified.I threw down my tools, ran to the fence and yelled at the top of my lungs..... "Your badge, show him your fucking BADGE!!"
Topical! What does a Japanese man do when there's an erection? He votes!
Guys: never wear a Saran Wrap skirt to a job interview... They will clearly see your nuts.
A hippie gets onto a bus and sits next to a nun in the front seat The hippie looks over and asks the nun if she would have sex with him. The nun, surprised by the question, politely declines and gets off at the next stop. When the bus starts again, the bus driver says to the hippie, "If you want, I can tell you how you can get that nun to have sex with you." The hippie of course says that he'd love to know, so the bus driver tells him that every Tuesday evening at midnight the nun goes to the cemetery to pray to the lord. "If you went dressed in robes and some glowing powder," says the bus driver, "You could tell her you were God and command her to have sex with you." The hippie decides to try this out. That Tuesday, he goes to the cemetery and waits for the nun. Right on schedule, the nun shows up. While she's in the middle of praying, the hippie walks out from hiding, in robes and glowing with a mask of god. "I am God, I have heard your prayers and I will answer them but you must have sex with me first," he says. The nun agrees but asks for anal sex so she might keep her virginity. The hippie agrees to this and quickly sets about having sex with the nun. After the hippie finishes, he rips off his mask and shouts out, "Ha ha, I'm the hippie! " The nun replies by whipping off her mask and shouting, "Ha ha, I'm the bus driver!"
fart liner "Did you hear what that asshole said?" "No, What?" "Oh Shit!"
If a quiz is quizzicle, then what is a test?
Leroy There was a man who goes to the bank and sees a woman with twelve children. He's astonished that this woman has so many children with her and so he approaches her and says, "Wow that sure is a lot of kids are they yours?" The woman says "Yes all twelve are mine." The man shocked by this replies "What are there names." She says "Leroy, one e for the girls and two e's for the boys." At this the man is really surprised and asks "doesn't that get confusing?" She says "No it's great I just call for one and they all come. I say Leroy time for breakfast and there they all come down. I say Leroy time for school and they all come down and get on the bus." The man considers this and asks "Yes but what if you want just one Leroy what do you do then?" She looks him dead in the eye and says "Oh that's easy I just call them by their last name."
Ronald Reagan was a funny guy... Two Irish ladies were at the wake for their dear friend. "Poor Mollie," said the first woman, looking down at the body, "she had such a hard life. First she married Mike, who gave her five crying children in six years. He beat her and never worked a day in his life. Then Mike up and died, and she married Johnny, who was even worse, giving her seven more children and not a penny of support. He was drunk all the time until he died, too. And now Mollie is gone, worked to death taking care of those 12 kids." "Well, at least they are together at last," replied the second woman. "You mean together in Heaven?" asked the first woman. "But is Mollie together with Mike or with Johnny?" "I was referring to her legs."
The only reason I ever get any women is because of who I am A rapist.
A man turns to another and says: "sitting here is almost as bad as being drunk" the second man, confused, asks "How bad can being drunk be?" the first responds, "Try asking a glass of water"
Always makes me groan This is a favorite of my dad he always likes to bring it up I'm sure some of you have heard it before. A single man in his 30's moves from the big city out into the country. He likes the area, the scenery, and mainly the solitude. He only has one neighbor in close proximity, and soon after he arrives his neighbor comes to welcome him. The neighbor is another man, a country "bubba" around 40. After making small talk, the man asks the neighbor what they do for fun around the parts. The neighbor responds: "Well come on over to my place tonight! There'll be drinking, there'll be fighting, and there'll be f---ing." The man, surprised at this party, asks what time he should be there. The neighbor replies "Oh it don't matter, it's just gonna be you and me."
A man goes to the pharmacy and says to the pharmacist, "Sir, I'm going to be meeting my girlfriends parents tonight and she says if I make a good impression that we'll have sex! I've never had sex before!". The pharmacist takes a liking to the man and talks him through the the different types of condoms and lubricants available, finally selling him a box of trojans and some XY jelly. The man and his girlfriend arrive at her parents house and put their heads down to say grace, but after 2 minutes the mans head is still down. His girlfriend leans down to him and whispers "you didn't tell me you were so religious!". He shoots back "you didn't tell me your dad was a pharmacist".
What's the mean difference between normal sex and the act of necrophilia a. 16C b. 18C c. 20C
Why is the sea so strong? It has a lot of mussels.
I would have been a stripper... ...but I just couldn't pull it off. Follow the format; go!
Kids from around the globe were asked to write an essay... and the teacher asked, "Please write in your own opinion about the insufficient amount of food in other countries." But none of the could write it. The kid from South America didn't know what 'please' was. The Asian kid didn't know what 'your own opinion' was. The European kid didn't know what the word 'insufficient' meant. The Kid from Africa didn't know what 'food' was. And the kid from North America had absolutely no clue what the heck were 'other countries'.
Told by my brother, punchline gets me everytime Three men are adventuring through the Amazon jungle, searching for treasure. One day, as they were hacking through brush they are ambushed and captured by a fierce tribe. One of the warriors acts as the translator, and tells the three men what the leader of the tribe is planning for them. "You have trespassed on our lands, and the punishment is one we have used for generations. Using our ancestors secrets, we are going to kill you, and turn you into canoes." The men are shaken, but bravely come up with a reply. "Could we choose the weapon used for our death?" The translator agrees, and the first men steps up. "I would like poison." The poison is delivered and he drinks it, scarcely a minute later he falls to the ground, dead. As the remaining two watch, the tribe descends upon the man and five minutes later his body has been made into a canoe. The second man is shocked and asks if he may also have poison. The cycle repeats itself, and the remaining man looks at the grisly remains of his fellows. He turn to the translator angrily. "Give me a fork." The translator is taken aback. "A fork? You do not want poison?" The man growls "I know what I want, give me a fork." The translator hurries away and returns moments later, holding a fork. The man takes it, then repeatedly stabs himself in the chest, shouting. "YOU AREN'T GOING TO MAKE A DAMN CANOE OUT OF ME!!"
What's the lightest thing in the world? The penis, Because we can lift it with a thought.
Starch in your shorts! (Always makes me laugh:3) Grandpa and Billy were working out in the garden. Grandpa spies Billy trying to put a worm back into the ground. "You'll never get that worm back in his hole," said the old man. Suddenly, Billy had an idea. He ran into the laundry room and came back with a can of spray starch. After a few sprays, the worm was as stiff as a board and Billy was able to slide him back into the earth. "Billy! You're a genius," exclaimed Grandpa. He hugged Billy, gave him a dollar out of his pocket, grabbed the starch, and ran inside. Thirty minutes later, Grandpa comes back out smiling. He gives Billy another dollar. "Grandpa," said the boy, "You already gave me a dollar." "No," replied Grandpa, "That dollar's from grandma!" (Not sure if repost :( )
so there are two boys named Bob and Billy, they're the best of mates and one day they have a sleep over, they only have a bunk bed so Bob takes top, and Billy bottom. Once they go to sleep Bob starts sleep talking, this is what he says, "yellow waterfall, yellow waterfall" and then mumbles, this happens all through the night, Billy also sleep talks and this is what he says "raindrops keep falling on my head" mumbled, and said it all through the night
Why did God create men ? Because dildos can't take out the trash.
Have you heard men get hit by lightning 6x more often than women? The kitchen must be a very safe place
Bigfoot walks into a bar.. The bartender is no longer able to discern reality and spends the rest of his life in a mental institution.
A newly made fairy godmother is walking through the forest... when she hears the sound of crying. She follows the sound and discovers a yellow frog. "Why are you crying?" she asks the frog. "Look at me," he responds, "I'm yellow all over. The other frogs laugh at me and I just can't take it anymore." "Well," says the fairy godmother, "I just happen to be a fairy godmother, and maybe I can help." So she pulls out her wand and says an incantation and sprinkles some fairy dust and *poof!* the frog turns green... all except for his penis. "Oh no!" he exclaims, "this is no good! I can't go around with a yellow cock!" Panicked, the fairy godmother says "Wait. I know a wizard who can fix this!" She gives him directions to the wizard's house and off he goes to get himself made right. The fairy godmother continues her journey through the forest, when she hears more crying. Following the sound again, she comes upon a pink elephant. "Why are you crying?" she asks. "Look at me," responds the elephant, "I'm pink. The other elephants mock me behind my back, and I just can't take it anymore." "Well," says the fairy godmother, "I just happen to be a fairy godmother, and maybe I can help." So she pulls out her wand and says an incantation and sprinkles some fairy dust and *poof!* the elehpant turns grey, all except for his trunk. "Oh no!" he exclaims, "this is no good! I can't go around with a pink trunk!" Exasperated at her continued failure, the fairy godmother says "Ok, I know a wizard who can fix this." "Well, how do I find him?" asks the elephant. "You just follow the yellow prick toad."
I was in bed last night with my wife. She turns to me and says "If you turn the lamp off, I'll take it up the arse." I should have waited for the bulb to cool down.
I refuse to vote in the US presidential elections! Mainly because I don't live there, nor am I american.
My wife says she's leaving me because of my obsession with Football Manager. In my defence, I've got Dani Alves, Kompany, Vidic and Lahm.
Two guys are driving through Texas when a State Trooper pulls them over. The trooper taps on the driver's side window and says: "Roll down your window." Without haste, the driver complies. As the window is half way down, the trooper whacks the driver on the head with his night stick. "Son, when I tell you to wind down your window I expect you to do it fast. Now gimme your license." The driver hurriedly gets his drivers license and hands it to the trooper. Another sharp whack to the head. "Son, when I ask for your license, I expect you to get it fast. Where's your registration?" The driver now slightly dizzy from the whacks to the head frantically pulls out the registration and hands it to the trooper. Once again, the trooper hits the driver on the head. "Son, when I tell you to give me your registration, I expect you to do it fast." Everything checks out and the trooper hands the driver a ticket. The trooper walks over to the passenger side and without warning whacks the passenger on the head with his night stick. "What the hell did you do that for?" asks the passenger. "I'm making your dreams come true." The stunned passenger rubs the knot on his head and the trooper continues. "Half a mile down the road you're gonna say 'I wish that mother fucker had tried that on me."
The best pick-up line for college students Hey baby, I'm only a few thousand dollars in debt!
What did the Ghost say to the Bee? Boo Bee
An old Couple in a nursing home decide to hook-up, And go to a closet, to be discreet, The woman warns the gent,"I have Acute Angina" and the gent says.. "That's good 'cause your tit's are ugly as hell!"
A guy walks into a pet store wanting to buy a talking bird. He sees a parrot and says to the bird, "Hey, can you speak, stupid?" The bird replies, "Yes, can you fly, Dummy?"
What's green and lays in a ditch while covered in cookie crumbs? The Girl Scout that got hit by a car.
Defense attorneys are just like porn stars. Their only job is to get you off.
A pun from Colin Mochrie. Some friars were behind on their belfry payments, so they opened up a small florist shop to raise the funds. Since everyone liked to buy flowers from the men of God, the rival florists across town thought the competition was unfair. They asked the good fathers to close down, but the friars would not. They went back and begged the friars to close. The friars ignored them. They asked their mother to go and ask the friars to get out of business. They friars ignored them, too. So, the rival florists hired Hugh Smith, the roughest and most vicious thug in town, to persuad them to close. Hugh beat up the friars and trashed their store, saying he'd be back if they didn't close shop. Terrified, the friars did so, thereby proving that . . . Hugh, and only Hugh, can prevent florist friars.
I'm tired.... I hear there is a nap for that.
Funeral procession Disclaimer: Not my own... I apologize if it's been posted here before. While going for his morning coffee one day, George notices two hearses driving down the road, followed by a man walking a dog. Behind the man walking a dog is the rest of the procession, a few hundred men following closely... all walking down the street. A bit sheepishly, the man approaches the dog walker and says, "I'm sorry to bother you, but can you explain what's going on here?" The dog walker replies, "Well, my deceased wife is in the first hearse. My dog jumped up and bit her in the throat, killing her." "I'm so sorry to hear that... But, who's in the second hearse?" "Well, when Rusty here killed my wife, my mother in-law jumped up and started yelling... and well, Rusty killed her, too." "Gosh, that's horrible," George said. "But... um, do you think I can borrow ol' Rusty for a day or so?" "Sure," the man replies, cocking his thumb over his shoulder, "Get in line!"
I thought of this one while changing the gas for my fizzy water maker... Today I was fired from my job at a fizzy water maker company. I was supposed to design a new product but apparantly my idea of one looking like a shower with the slogan: "Gas the juice" wasn't that great.
What does a perverted frog say ? Rubbit
What do you call an Inbred cow? A sandwich!
78! A man is sitting at a bus stop waiting for his bus to go to work. There are no cars on the road, just a young boy in the middle of the street jumping on top of a manhole cover shouting, "78! 78! 78!" The man notices the boy and asks him, "What are you doing in the middle of the street?" The boy just keeps jumping up and down on the manhole cover, shouting, "78! 78! 78!" The man is confused. "Where are your parents?" he asks the boy. The boy ignores him. "78! 78! 78!" "Are you waiting for the bus?" the man asks. The boy keeps jumping on the manhole cover. "78! 78! 78!" The man then notices the manhole cover and asks, "Are you hiding something down there?" The boy stops jumping, looks at the man, and says, "Yeah. Do you want to see?" So the boy pulls a crowbar out of his pants, pries up the manhole cover, and rolls it out of the way. The man looks down, and sees nothing but darkness below. The boy says, "Go down there and look." So the man climbs the ladder down into the manhole and disappears into the darkness. As soon as the man is out of sight, the boy rolls the manhole cover back over the hole, stuffs the crowbar back in his pants, and goes back to jumping up and down on the manhole cover, shouting, "79! 79! 79!"
The bride asks her husband, "Honey, you know I'm a virgin and I don't know anything about sex. Can you explain it to me first?" "OK, Sweetheart. Putting it simply, we will call your private place 'the prison' and call my private thing 'the prisoner'. So what we do is: put the prisoner in the prison. And then they made love for the first time. Afterwards, the guy is lying face up on the bed, smiling with satisfaction. Nudging him, his bride giggles, "Honey the prisoner seems to have escaped." Turning on his side, he smiles. "Then we will have to re-imprison him." After the second time they spent, the guy reaches for his cigarettes but the girl, thoroughly enjoying the new experience of making love, gives him a suggestive smile, "Honey, the prisoner is out again!" The man rises to the occasion, but with the unsteady legs of a recently born foal. Afterwards, he lays back on the bed, totally exhausted. She nudges him and says, "Honey, the prisoner escaped again." Limply turning his head, He YELLS at her, "Hey, its not a life sentence, OKAY!
Mental Asylum During a visit to the mental asylum, I asked the director how do you determine whether or not a patient should be institutionalized. "Well," said the director, "we fill up a bathtub, then we offer a teaspoon, a teacup and a bucket to the patient and ask him or her to empty the bathtub." "Oh, I understand," I said. "A normal person would use the bucket because it's bigger than the spoon or the teacup." "No." said the director, "A normal person would pull the plug. Do you want a bed near the window?"
ITT: Your best (or worst) puns. See all those crows flying over that woman with that loaf of bread? She's going to get murdered.
A Comparison What is the difference between a women's track team and a pack of gerbils? The gerbils are a bunch of cunning runts.
I saw a kidnapping this afternoon.. so i woke i'm up. Hahaha
Heading to Chinatown after work... I heard it's Erection Day.
Life without women would be... a pain in the butt!
What's cooler than Obama? Snowbama
Two men were playing golf... They're on the 18th hole and the first one says to the other "Hey man, I think I need to go back to the club house. I've never had to shit this bad in my life." The other one says "Come on, were almost done. You can wait for one more hole." The first guy says "No. I cant wait. I realllllllyyy have to shit." So the other guy tells him "Just go in the woods then. Use a dollar or something to wipe yourself." So the first guy goes into the woods, comes back a few minutes later with poop all over his hand. The second man yells "What the hell man! I thought you were using a dollar!" and the first says "Well, you try wiping your ass with a few quarters, nickles and dimes!"
My girlfriend told me this one A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" The blonde said, "How about 50 dollars?" The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?" The man replied, "She should. She was standing on the porch." A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats. "Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
Curiosity actually killed my cat. Worst stripper ever.
What is the difference between a peeping tom and a pick pocket? A pickpocket snatches watches
Haiku to the cheating girlfriend A haiku is five, then seven then five again, but who cares you whore
Bob works in a saw mill. One day he comes into work, and his friend Ted asks him, "Hey, did you hear about Joe?" "No, what's up?" "Well, he was working late last night and cut off his hand." "Holy crap Ted, is he alright?" "Oh yeah, we picked it up, put it in a ziplock bag, and he got it sewed back on. He'll be back in a week." "That's good, give him my best." A couple days later, Ted asks Bob "Hey, did you hear about Paul?" "Yeah, I heard he got hurt. What happened?" "He ended up cutting off his foot!" "Wow, is he alright?" "Yeah, we scooped it up in a ziplock bag, and he had it reattached at the hospital. He'll be back in a week." "That's great, modern medicine sure is awesome." A few days later, Ted comes up to Bob again and asks, "Hey, did you hear about Bill?" "Oh dear, what happened this time?" "Well, he cut off his head last night." "Holy crap! But he's alright, right? Scooped his head up in a ziplock bag and had it reattached at the hospital?" "No Bob, he's dead." "Wow, how come?" "Well, we're not sure, but we think he suffocated in the bag on the way to the hospital."
Not getting enough carbs for normal brain function? A woman walks into a bakery on Monday, and asks the baker for some bagels. The baker says, "I don't have any bagels, I will have more on Thursday." The woman says okay and leaves. On Tuesday the woman goes back to the bakery and asks for some bagels. The baker says, "I told you, I don't have any bagels. I won't have any bagels till Thursday." The woman says okay and leaves. On Wednesday, the woman goes back to the bakery and asks for some bagels. The baker says, "Ma'am, how do you spell CAT in catastrophe?" She says C-A-T. He asks, "How do you spell DOG in dogmatic?" She says D-O-G. He then asks, "How do you spell FUCK in bagels?" She says, "Sir, there is no fuck in bagels!", and he replies "THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU."
How many amoebae does it take to change a lightbulb one no, two no, four eight, 16, 32....
A blonde cop pulls over a blonde driver A blonde cop pulls over a blonde driving her car. The blonde cop says "You were going pretty fast back there. Can I see your license?" The blonde driver looks confused. The blonde cop says "Its a little square thing with your picture on it" The blonde driver reaches in her bag and hands the cop her makeup mirror. The cop takes the mirror, looks at it and exclaims "Well why didn't you tell me you were a cop? On you go. Have a great day".
Mitt Romney's Presidency.
So a duck walks into a bank... He waddles up to the teller and demands a big mac, fries, and a shake. "This is a bank." She explains. "We don't serve food here." The duck walks out. The next day the duck comes back and walks up to the same teller. Again he demands a big mac, fries, and a shake. Slightly aggrivated, she explains again that he won't be getting any food. The next day the duck comes back, orders a big mac, fries, and a shake. The teller is furious. "WE DON'T SERVE FOOD HERE, THIS IS A BANK! IF YOU COME IN ONE MORE TIME, IM GOING TO NAIL YOUR FEET RIGHT TO THE FLOOR!" The duck leaves calmly. The next day, sure enough he comes back. He walks up to the teller and asks "Do you have any nails?" "No." "Get me a big mac, fries, and a shake."
I had the worst night last night.. The ghost of Gloria Gaynor appeared in front of my bed. At first I was afraid, then I was petrified.
Why are camels called the ships of the desert? Cause they're filled with Arab seamen!
Old corny joke from my childhood. Once upon a time there were three brothers. There names were Shadhap, Traboule and Mannars. One day Traboule was lost so the two other brothers went to the police. Then Mannars had to go to the washroom and told his brother to talk to the policeman. The policeman asked, "What is your name?" "Shadhap." the remaining brother answered. The policeman was shocked and replied, "My word! That is quite rude! I will ask again, what is your name?" "Shadhap!" he replied again. "Look here son, are you looking for trouble?" "Oh my gosh yes! How did you know?" The policeman now furious, "Where are your manners?" "In the toilet sir!" ~~And the policeman fainted~~ And the cop shot him.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade? You can't marmalade your dick up a girls ass.
A Japanese and American businessman are closing a deal..... The American was new in Japan and did not know the customs or language. He was a quick learner though and after weeks of negotiations, he sealed the deal. The Japanese man says, "ask for anything to make your last couple of days more enjoyable.". The American says, well I'd love a beautiful Japanese woman if you know what I mean. The Japanese businessman fulfilled his promise and that night he had a japenese beauty in his bed. They start at it and the girl start shouting " mosuki mosuki". He goes harder and she yells in passion, " mosuki mosuki". The business man start thinking, that must mean good job or great. They part ways and he wakes up next morning to play golf with the business man. On the first green as the Japanese man is about to sink his pity he American thinks to impress him with his Japanese vocbulary. As he sinks the putt he says, "mosuki" the Japanese business man looks at him puzzled and asks. " what do you mean wrong hole?"
A schmooze.... ...what Sean Connery calls an afternoon nap
How is Mitt Romney like a failed sperm? If you looked at them, you could only see a dick; and both ended up just an inch short
What did Sandy say when she came to New York? I come to this great city with great intentions.
Loose tooth A man walks into a bar and has a seat at the bar. As he begins to drink he notices a jar full of money sitting on the bar. "What's up with the jar?" he asks the bartender. "That sir is a bet. You pay me 10 dollars. If you can complete three tasks you win the whole jar." "So what are the three tasks?" the man asks. "Place a 10 inside the jar and I will tell you." The man pulls out his wallet and drops a 10 in the jar. "Ok, 1st task is to chug this whole bottle of tequila and not flinch." "No problem. What's next?" "My 170 pound Rottweiler is in the alley behind the bar. He has a tooth that is killing him." The bartender pulls out a pair of pliers. "Pull that tooth." The man, a little unsure about that, replies " I think I can handle that." "Last task. Above this bar is an apartment. Inside that apartment is an 80 year old woman who has never had sex. Please her." The man, disgusted, decides to just continue drinking. Hell it was only 10 dollars he lost. About 2 hours and several beers later the man looks back at the jar. There must be over 5 grand inside there he thinks to himself. "Bartender, give me that tequila bottle." Bartender smiles and places it in front of the man. He picks it up and downs it in 4 gulps, never flinching. "Ok whass nexks?" The bartender places the pliers on the bar and points to the back door. The man picks them up and stumbles out back. The whole bar turns and looks at the door. At first all they hear is a lot of growling and barking. Then it turns to whining. Finally it is quiet and the man stumbles back into the bar, bloody, and zips his pants. "Now wherez tha ol woman wif a loose toof?"
The strange painting John and Michelle are out on a date at an art gallery. They're walking around, looking at art, discussing the paintings, and generally having a good time. Eventually they come across a very strange painting that they can't seem to make heads or tails of. It's a large canvas called "Home for Lunch," and shows three naked black men with erections sitting on a bench, except the one in the middle has a white penis. As they stand around discussing the strange painting, a man walks up to them and introduces himself as the artists whose work is being exhibited. **Artist:** Ah, I see you're admiring my favorite painting! Tell me, what do you think of it? **John:** We like it very much. As a matter of fact, my lady-friend and I were just discussing the meaning behind this piece. I see it as a vivid deconstruction of racial boundaries, but she maintains that it is *clearly* all about sexual liberation... Could you tell us who is right? And why is it called "Home for Lunch"? **Artist:** Haha, it's actually very simple! You're over-analyzing it. You see, these aren't black men - they're coal miners. And the one in the middle went "home for lunch".
0 to 200 in 6 seconds Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really pissed. She told him "Tomorrow morning, I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE !!" The next morning he got up early and left for work. When his wife woke up, she looked out the window and sure enough there was a box gift-wrapped in the middle of the driveway. Confused, the wife put on her robe and ran out to the driveway, brought the box back in the house. She opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale. Bob has been missing since Friday.
Saying Romney would handle the economy better is like saying ... ... one of your friends is "good with women" because he's a convicted rapist.
I think this belongs here. Mitt Romney
My visit to the patent office I went into a patent office and told the clerk how I had an idea for a folding bottle, it's called a fottle. She said that it was ridiculous, so I told her about my idea for a folding carton, it's called a farton. She said that too is a dumb idea. I said well then I am not even going to tell you about my idea for a folding bucket!
I don't know. Jane and Mary are eating lunch together when, out of the blue, Jane asks what the circumference of the Earth is. Mary shrugs and says, "No se." Jane gives her a funny look and asks, "What does that mean?" to which Mary replies "I don't know." Jane, flabbergasted, says, "Don't say it if you don't know what it means!"
Stealing my little brother's (fellow Redditor) original joke, hope he sees it and is pissed. What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree...? A Porky-Pine
I want to become famous... so that one day, when people approach me asking "Hey, do I know you from somewhere?" I can reply with "I don't know, do you watch a lot of porn?"
A Priest and a Rabbi Are sitting in the park when a little boy walks by. The priest says "Wanna fuck him?". The rabbi says "out of what?"
Hug? Said the bunny to the oncoming lawnmower
What's the difference between anal and a refrigerator? A refrigerator doesn't fart when you take your meat out.
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put the wrong socks on this morning
A black knight moves into a new village with only white people... ...after a year, a white girl in the village gives birth to a black child. A shepherd goes up to the knight and says: "I think you had sex with that girl, since you're the only black person in this entire village." The knight responds: "Well, sometimes weird things just happen, like your single white sheep among your heard of black sheep." The shepherd says: "Hey! You say nothing bout the sheep, I say nothing bout the baby."
A homeless man told me this one. (Kinda NSFW) Why do women have two pairs of lips? One to bitch with, and one to apologize with.
I think my iPhone is broken I keep pressing the home button but I am still at work
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles! Courtesy of Ben Morehead of the Goulet Pen team.
Why is (or isn't) it okay to make jokes about rape?
I know I need to lose weight when.. I ask my boyfriend "do I look fat in these knickers ? " and he says " what knickers ?"
A woman walks into a bar... The bartender asks what's she'd like to drink. The woman asks for a double entendre, so he gives it to her.
Osama=Crabs What do Osama Bin Laden and crabs have in common? They both irritate Bush.
A Hispanic man, a European man, and an Asian man are put on a deserted island They are told that they will be rescued in 24 hours, provided they have proved their survival skills. The Hispanic man is in charge of building a shelter, the European man is in charge of finding food, and the Asian man is in charge of finding supplies. The three men go their separate ways to complete their tasks. 24 hours later, the rescue team comes back to the island in the hopes of seeing that the three men can prove their survival skills. The Hispanic man takes the rescue team to his shelter that he built, and the rescue team is pleased with his work. The European man takes the rescue team to his stash of food that he has accumulated, and the rescue team is pleased with his work. However, the Asian man with his supplies is nowhere to be found. The rescue team walks around the island, searching for the Asian man and the supplies he was supposed to find, when suddenly the Asian man jumps out of the bushes and yells SUPPLIES!
Obama The Dark Knight (2008) The Dark Knight Rises (2012) Congratulations, Barack Obama.
In reference to the Political Fighting Nightmare that is facebook, reddit, etc. right now... You know, fighting over the internet is like competing in the special Olympics... even if you win, you're still retarded.
What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common? No ballroom.
Terrible Dad Jokes Share your best (worst) jokes that only a dad would tell their kid! Kid: Dad, I'm thirsty. Dad: Hi thirsty, I'm friday! Two men walk into a bar. The bartender says "you can't eat your own food in here!" so they swapped sandwiches.
The United States now has... 51 one states, 50 regular one with an ass-ter-risk Bud Dum Tss.
Whats the difference between a shower and a toilet? Showers take in lost of dirty people, but don't take shit from no one.
What did one saggy boob say to the other? We better perk up or somebody is going to think were nuts.
What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do? Stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit the frogs finger
What do a walrus and tupperware have in common? Both lookin for a tight seal.
Did you know our brains are 75% fat? Thinking about putting mine on a diet.
My period is late .
Why did the creator of 9gag call it that? Because that was how many dicks he could fit in his mouth before he gagged.
What kind of pants do the Mario Brothers wear? Denim denim denim.
A husband and wife are shopping in their local supermarket The husband picks up a case of Fosters and puts it in their trolley. 'What do you think you're doing?' asks the wife. 'They're on sale, only $40 for 24 cans' he replies. 'Put them back, we can't afford them' demands the wife, and so they carry on shopping. A few aisles further on along the woman picks up a $80 jar of face cream and puts it in the basket. What do you think you're doing?' asks the husband. 'It's my face cream. It makes me look beautiful,' replies the wife. Her husband retorts: 'So does 24 cans of Fosters, and it's half the price.'
A joke my dad told me once. A man goes to visit a city for business. He realizes that he's going to have to spend the night there, so he decides to stay in a hotel. He arrives at a hotel and they tell him they have no available rooms. The man insists so the manager tells him "ok there is 1 room available, but it doesnt have a bathroom" the man realizing that he's only there for one night, figures that he can go without a bathroom for a night. so he checks in. While in the room, he decides to catch up on more work. After a couple of hours he realizes that he needs to poop. Realizing that maybe this wasnt such a good idea he makes a quick decision and poops in his sock. After he finished, He also realized that he needed to get rid of the sock. He looks around and decides to throw it out the window. He begins to swing teh sock around (for momentum) and it turns out there is a hole in the sock. So his crap goes everywhere! The man panics and looks outside his door to find a worker from the hotel. He tells calls him over and says(the man) "I'll pay you $500 if you clean this mess up and not tell anyone!" the worker sticks his head into the room and says "I'll pay you $1000 if you tell me how you did that with your ass"
a joke from fifth grade A woman staying in a hotel was taking a shower after a long days work when she heard a knock on her door. She went to the door, looked through the door-hole and saw it was her friend Steve. She wrapped a towel around her and opened the door. "I finally got my racing licence!" exclaimed Steve. "Good for you." the woman said, and closed the door, left the towel by the door and got back in the shower. A second knock came, and she saw it was John, another friend of hers. Again she wrapped the towel around her and opened the door. "I won the lottery!" John said, and the woman congratulated him and went back to her shower. for the third time, a knock on the door came. she looked through the peephole and saw it was Tom, her blind friend. she didn't bother putting on a towel. "What is it Tom?! This is the third time I have been interrupted while showering!" Tom gleefully replied: "I can see!"
Can I have some orange juice? You: Can I have some orange juice? Other person: sure go ahead. You: Do you have any orange? Other person: what? You: I have jews but i dont have any orange.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth when he was eating a slice of pizza? He ate it before it was cool
Hop on Pop is a fun children's book, Hop on Cop is illegal.
A man asks for a gin and tonic and the bartender hands him an apple. He says to the bartender, "What the hell is this?" The bartender says, "Try it, trust me." He takes a bite and exclaims, "This tastes like straight gin!" "Now turn it around." "Wow that tastes just like tonic." He happily munches away at his apple as another man walks up to the bar and asks for a rum and coke. The bartender hands him a different apple and he has a similar experience as the first man. A third man enters the bar and before he can ask the bartender for a drink the first man cuts him off and says, "Hey man, you won't believe this but this guy has an apple for every taste! You want it, he's got it." The third man pauses for a moment and asks the bartender, "Do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?" "Do I have an apple that tastes like pussy?" "Yep, that's what I asked." "Well, you asked for it," said the bartender as he handed the man an apple from below the counter. The third man took a bite out of the apple and spat it out, "This tastes like shit!" The bartender replied, "Now turn it around."
Drinking causes memory loss. And then, drinking causes memory loss.
The next time your boss asks you to start your presentation with a joke... ...attach your payslip on the first slide.
Man walks into a doctor's office The doctor asks, "what can I do for you today?" The man replies, " I'd like to be castrated." The doctor, shocked asks, "are you sure, this is a big decision, and once the procedure is done there's no turning back." The man says, "I'm sure, and if won't do it I'll find a doctor who will." Uneasily, the doctor agrees to go along with the man's wishes. When the procedure is finish the man, bandaged and in pain, carefully walks toward the hospital door. Just then he sees another man walking in the exact same manner as he, so he asks, "what were you in for?" The second man replies, "I just got circumcised." The original man facepalms
What's red and black and screaming all over? Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.
My grandfather got his tongue shot off during WWII He never talked about it.
That guy is so poor... ... that he has to fuck his own wife.
Why did the condom cross the road? It got pissed off.
Reflections on the Jonestown massacre of 1978 As a society, we sometimes tell jokes about some of the most horrific events--mass murders, disasters, and so on. Often the jokes start within a day or two of the catastrophe, even before the dead can be counted. Perhaps we do it as a coping or healing mechanism, or perhaps it's our only extant type of transmitting oral history in modern times. I'm just not sure. Maybe no one is. Like you, certainly, I've heard all kinds of jokes about the Holocaust, September 11th, and recent mass shootings. I used to wonder why I never heard a good joke about [Jonestown](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonestown) more than *three decades* after the fact, but then I realized that it was because the punchline was too long.
Do you like sex on tv? I tried once, but I fell off.
A woman walks into a bar She walks up to the counter and says to the bartender, "Gimme a double entendre." So he gives it to her.
Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs? Steven Hawking after a house fire.
What did the Maple syrup farmer say when he saw a good looking maple tree? "I'd tap that."
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
Why did the composer go to the chiropractor? Because he had Bach problems
the math professor, the science teacher and the fool a math professor, a science teacher and a fool died at the same time and arrive at the gates of heaven, where, suprising, the devil waits for them. as soon as he sees them he says "nothing to worry about. if you can ask me a question where I can give no answer to you may enter heaven" the math professor askt the devil to give him the answer of the hardest formula he knew, the devil handed a paper and the math professor nodded quitley, "that is correct" he said "the off to hell you go" said the devil. the science teacher askt the devil, now give me the best theory about how life on earth begun, the devil handed him a paper and also he nodded "you go to hell to, said the devil" the fool came forewards and askt the devil "give me a chair with holes" he sat opun the chair and let a fart, then he turned around and askt the devil, out of witch hole the fart came, the devil dit a few observations and then came to a conclusion, the 2th hole of left he said, "nope" said the fool "it came out of my butt" and thus the fool entered heaven
Why did the little mermaid wear seashells? D shells were too big.
Newfie Joke A Newfie was standing at a bar and a beautiful woman was beside him so he leans over and says, "You remind me of my little toe" She replies, "What? You Mean I'm small and cute?" He says, "No. I'll probably bang you on the coffee table later when I'm drunk."
You must be the square root of -1 Because you can't be real.
An instructor was teaching a young man how to swordfight. The young man wasn't terribly good, but he had a rather high opinion of his abilities. In a practice duel with the instructor, he was continually waving his sword about arrogantly, in wide strokes, and often leaving himself wide open to attack. The instructor thought "he won't last five minutes with that attitude, so I need to scare it out of him. But I don't want to hurt the poor kid too badly." The instructor feinted.
I tried... I tried reading a book about self-hypnosis but it keeps sending me to sleep.
Why did the hooker get a vagina implanted on her hip? She wanted to make some money on the side.
Why didn't the racist eat the middle of his sunny-side up egg? Because he only likes whites.
A man using Apple Maps walks into a bar... Or a hospital.... Or possibly a church.
Why do gay barbecues suck? Because the hotdogs taste like shit.
My ultra-cheesy pick up line, based on old Pepe Le Pew cartoons Le meooooww.... Le Purrrrrrrr... Le me?
What do you with a crazy girl knocking on your door? You don't let her out.
A man walks up to a counter and says . . . A man walks up to a counter and says, "Gimme a kielbassi sandwich and a beer." "Ah," says the person behind the counter. "You must be Polish." The customer becomes irate. "Now, just a minute," he says, "I happen to take offense at that! Why are you assuming that just because I ordered a kielbassi sandwich and a beer I must be Polish?" "Well-" "If I ordered a plate of spaghetti, would you assume I'm Italian?" "Well, no." If I ordered corned beef and cabbage, would you assume I'm Irish?" "No." "Then why," said the customer, "are you assuming I'm Polish just because I ordered a kielbassi sandwich and a beer?" "Well . . . this is a hardware store."
A man in Texas is driving with twenty penguins in the bed of his pickup... ...when he is stopped by a State Trooper. The trooper approaches and tells the man that he needs to take the penguins to the zoo immediately as they are non-native and not registered to the man as pets. "Right away, officer," replies the man, and off he goes. The following day, the same man is driving on the same road with the same twenty penguins in the bed of his truck. This time, however, the penguins are all wearing sunglasses and straw hats. Sure enough, the man is stopped by the same officer. After pulling the man over, the officer approaches. "What is the meaning of this? I thought I told you to take these penguins to the zoo yesterday, why are they still in the bed of your truck? Did you really think these disguises would fool me?" "They're not disguises, officer, you see I DID take them to the zoo yesterdayin fact, we had so much fun, we're going to the beach today."
What did the black kid get on his SAT's? Barbeque sauce.
Call from the doctor's office "Mrs. Smith, this the your family doctor's office. When we sent your husband's biopsy to the lab yesterday, a biopsy from another Mr. Smith arrived as well, and we are now uncertain which one is your husband's. Frankly the results are either bad or terrible." "What do you mean?" Mrs. Smith asks nervously. "Well, one of the specimens tested positive for Alzheimer's and the other one tested positive for AIDS. We can't tell which is your husband's." "That's dreadful! Can't you do the test again?" questioned Mrs. Smith. "Normally we can, but Medicare will only pay for these expensive tests one time." "Well, what am I supposed to do now?" "The people at Medicare recommend that you drop your husband off somewhere in the middle of town. If he finds his way home, don't sleep with him."
Choking hazard Boy: Hey Girl: Hey Boy: There should really be a warning sign on my dick, you know? Girl: Why's that? Boy: Well it's so big that it's a choking hazard *high-fives bro* Girl: Oh well I thought choking hazard warning signs were only put on extra small things...
My grandma died after eating too many gingerbread houses last night... The doctors diagnosed her with a rare case of "munch-housing-syndrom"
Winter storms I don't like the naming system for winter storms that was recently devised. I'm going with my own system of naming the storms after characters in Greek tragedies. So today I rename Winter Storm Athena to Winter Storm Antigone. Can't wait for Winter Storm Oedipus. It will be a real mother fucker!
Dave knows everyone there is to know.... Dave was bragging to his boss one day, "You know, I know everyone there is to know. Just name someone, anyone, and I'll know them." Tired of his boasting, his boss called his bluff, "OK, Dave, how about Tom Cruise?" "No drama's boss, Tom and I are old friends, and I can prove it." So Dave and his boss fly out to Hollywood and knock on Tom Cruise's door and Tom Cruise shouts, "Dave! What's happening?!? Great to see you! Come on in for a beer!" Although impressed, Dave's boss is still sceptical. After they leave Cruise's house, he says that he thinks Dave's knowing Cruise was just lucky. No, no, just name anyone else," Dave says. "President Obama," his boss quickly retorts. "Yup," Dave says, "Old buddies, let's fly out to Washington." And off they go. At the White House, Obama spots Dave on the tour and motions him and his boss over, saying, "Dave, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in and let's have a cup of coffee first and catch up." Well, the boss is very shaken by now but still not totally convinced. After they leave the White House grounds he expresses his doubts to Dave, who again implores him to name anyone else. "The pope," his boss replies. "Sure!" says Dave. "My folks are from Germany, and I've known the Pope a long time." So off they fly to Rome. Dave and his boss are assembled with the masses in Vatican Square when Dave says, "This will never work. I can't catch the Pope's eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let me just go upstairs and I'll come out on the balcony with the Pope." And he disappears into the crowd headed toward the Vatican. Sure enough, half an hour later Dave emerges with the Pope on the balcony but by the time Dave returns, he finds that his boss has had a heart attack and is surrounded by paramedics. Working his way to his boss' side, Dave asks him, "What happened?" His boss looks up and says, "I was doing fine until you and the Pope came out on the balcony and the man next to me said, "Who the f*#k's that on the balcony with Dave?" Edited: to change country for current Pope!
What's the difference between a group of crafty midgets and a jogging club comprised exclusively of women? The former is a band of cunning runts...
What's the grossest number? 6.9 because it's a 69 with a period in the middle.
The old lady at the bank An old lady at the bank asked me if I could help her check her balance. So I pushed her over.
In a blind test, 100% of participants... said they totally didn't see this joke coming.
Confucius say: Man cannot run in front of car forever. He get two tired.
I was gonna make a gay joke. Butt fuck it.
My favourite lawyer joke What do you call 10'000 lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean? A good start!
A man was drinking at a bar... ...and had been for hours. Needless to say the man was thoroughly trashed. After a dozen or so beers, he can barely sit on his stool. Suddenly, he stands up and asks the bartender, "Hey! Wheresh the bath-hic-room?" The bartender, disgusted, looks at him and says, "Down the hall and on the left." The man weaves his way into the bathroom. After a few minutes of pouring drinks, the bartender hears a horrendous scream coming from the bathroom. But he's a little busy, some women came in demanding cosmos, and decides to check in a few minutes. Some time goes by and another shout is heard from the bathroom. This makes the bartender jump and drop the pints of beer he was pouring. He swears to check the bathroom after he cleans up the glass. The bartender forgot about the bathroom again until he hears another screech from the bathroom. He gets fed up, slams his mixers down and walks into the bathroom. He sees the drunk guy is still in there. "WHAT KIND OF PLACE ARE YOU RUNNING?!" He screams, "Every time I flush, something comes up and grabs my balls! It's killing me!" The bartender looks at the man and says, "Hey asshole, you're sitting on my mop [bucket."](http://i.imgur.com/BijNC.jpg)
What did the fish say when it hit the wall? Dam.
My lesbian neighbor got me a Rolex this year for my birthday... I think she misunderstood when I said "I wanna watch"
A man with dyslexia goes to the doctor and says, "I have been feeling a tad sick lately." He is immediately diagnosed with depression and lyme disease. EDIT: Correction
Need help figuring out a Laffy Taffy joke I just got this joke on a Laffy Taffy wrapper, and I cannot for the life of me figure out what this jerk-off Kyle P. is trying to get across. The joke is, what did the x-ray say to the broken bone? That bone should get a loan! Why is the x-ray machine saying this? Is the joke that it rhymes? Does the bone need a loan to like, fix itself? This is seriously bothering me and I need help.
What is a duck's favorite drug? Quack. Girlfriend came up with it. It was so bad it was good.
Read out loud jokes? Quite a while ago I found some jokes that you just right down and make people say, Example (I won a math debate) = I want to masterbait. Does anybody else know of more of these jokes/pranks. Thanks
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish? One's a bottom-dwelling, muck-sucker and the other is a fish.
Office jokes. A rabbit saw a bird sitting on a branch doing nothing and thought it looked good so he asked the bird, "Hey! That look good. Can I sit here and do nothing too?" The bird nodded. As soon as the rabbit sat down the the base of the tree a fox ran up and ate the rabbit. Moral of the story? When you want to sit and do nothing, you must be sitting very high up. --- A turkey wanted to climb a tree and tried as hard as he could but could only make it to the first branch. So he asked his strong bovine friend for help, "Hey can you help me get to the top of that tree?" "Sure," he replied, "Just eat some of my dropping as they are packed with nutrients!" The turkey did and was able to reach the 3rd branch. So he decides to eat even more and this time he makes it to the 7th. Then he eats as much as he possible can and he finally made it to the top! Then he got tired and the wind easily blew him off and he hit the ground and died. Moral of the story? Bullshit may get you to the top but it wont keep you there.
I've adapted this from an old joke, I hope you enjoy. A man was hiring for a factory, he called in the first applicant from the waiting room and asked him a few questions. Then, for his final question he asked him, "Will you make a sentence with the word 'great'?" The applicant replied after some thought "Oh, I have a leather jacket and I think it's really great!" The boss let him go and called up the next applicant. They talked for a while and then he asked him "Will you make a sentence with the word 'great' in it?" Without any hesitation the applicant says "I have a leather jacket and I think it's really great!!" The man realizes that they're catching on, so he calls the next applicant in. They talk for a while and then he says "I would like you to make a sentence", the applicant cuts him off "with GREAT!" "no, actually I would like you to make a sentence with the word 'fascinate'" "Not Great?" "No, fascinate." The applicant pauses for some time.. then he replies "I have a leather jacket, and I think it's really great. It has 11 buttons, but I only fasten eight."
I was playing Football Manager on my laptop when I was offered the Milan job. I knew it was a shit squad with no future, so I declined the offer. I then put the phone down and got back to Football Manager.
Why do you never hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the "p" is silent...
Short joke I thought of. What's the difference between sheep and women? The Welsh don't know yet either.
New Software Program announced. A new language software program has been announced. It is designed to teach you to communicate with residents of Washington and Colorado. It will be released as Rosetta Stoned.
"The prisoner is walking down the stairs," Tom said condescendingly. "It's 9:59," Tom said pretentiously. "I have split personality disorder," Tom said being frank.
Three little old ladies die in a car crash... When they get to heaven, St. Peter is waiting to welcome them. "Welcome, ladies," says Peter. "We only have one rule up here, don't step on the ducks." The three little old ladies look around and notice there are ducks everywhere, thousands of them. "Why all the ducks?" asks the first little old lady. "God really likes ducks. Trust me, don't step on one," says Peter. The three little old ladies set off to explore paradise. They find it really difficult to navigate all the ducks, and after a few days the first little old lady steps on a duck. Peter appears with this ugly, smelly, disgusting man and handcuffs him to her. "You two will be stuck together for 10,000 years. I told you not to step on a duck." The remaining two little old ladies tread very lightly, going weeks with no problems until the second little old lady steps on a duck. Again, Peter comes along with an even uglier, smelly, disgusting man and handcuffs her to him. "You two will be stuck together for 10,000 years. I told you not to step on a duck." So the final little old lady proceeds with extreme caution. She goes months, years, decades without stepping on a duck, when one day out of the blue, Peter appears from no where. This time he has a young, tall, handsome, muscular man in tow, a real Adonis. He handcuffs them together and walks away. The little old lady looks up at him with wonder and asks, "What did I do to deserve you?!" "Well, I don't know about you, but I stepped on a duck. "
A joke I saw today I found my pet mouse Elvis dead today, he was caught in a trap...
Not silicone A woman got wooden breast implants. This would be so much funnier with a punchline, wooden tit?
Behind every great woman is a man checking out her ass.
Do you know ... Do you know what girls say to guys with big dicks....... **I do...**
Hans and Jervaise.... A man walks into a restaurant and orders squid. "Certainly sir," says Jervaise, the waiter. "Would you like to choose your squid from the tank over there?" "I'll have that little green one with the moustache," says the customer. "Oh no!" replies Jervaise. "But he's my favourite! He's so small and cute and friendly. Surely you'd prefer one of the bigger, meatier ones?" "No," says the customer. "It's got to be that one". So Jervaise gets the little green squid out and puts him on the chopping block, raises his knife and ... the little squid looks up and smiles, twitching his bushy moustache into a big friendly grin! "It's no good' says Jervaise. "I can't do it. I'll have to ask Hans who does the washing up. He's a big, tough brute - he'll be able to do the evil deed?' So out comes Hans, while Jervaise disappears off in tears. Hans picks up the knife, raises it to chop the little squid's head off and ... once again the little friendly squid looks up and smiles, wiggling his little legs and twitching his little moustache. So Hans, too, finds it impossible to kill him. The moral? Now Hans that does dishes can be as soft as Jervaise with vile green hairy-lip squid.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? Because she wasn't wearing her seat belt.
Meeting the neighbor. I just moved into a new apartment building and one day my new neighbor came across the hall to invite me to a party he was having that night. He said, "it's going to be great. There's gonna be drinking, smoking, fighting and fucking. Bro, it's gonna be a blast." So I said, "alright sounds like fun. What time is everyone showing up?" "Oh, they're not," he replied, "it's just gonna be you and me."
I will adapt your old joke into a video Dear Reddit Humorists, I am a huge fan of this sub reddit. It's pretty much the only thing I read on here. So let me first thank everyone who posts their grandpa's favorite joke. I am a director and I love comedy. So I've adapted a couple jokes into videos. http://youtu.be/vJZm2nSpiNA?hd=1 http://youtu.be/5yZupqf-HHU?hd=1 If you have any good old ones you think would make good videos, comment and I'll shoot it!
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
My mate says I don't understand irony... Which is ironic, because we were at a bus stop at the time.
My grandpa dropped this one on me over the phone. I'll see you in church, make sure you sit by the window.
Sarc... ...It is my second favorite asm. (And nobody fucking fainted)
I once dated a girl who owned a parrot. The thing would never shut the f@#K-up! but the parrot was cool though!
What do hippies say when you tell them to get off your couch? Namaste
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
Why don't Jehovah's witnesses celebrate Halloween? They don't appreciate strangers coming up to their door.
What do you call an unconscious computer programmer? dfghjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
What did Hannibal Lector have for breakfast? Kevin Bacon. ... And Jon Hamm. ^^I'll ^^show ^^myself ^^out.
Double Positives. A linguistics professor was lecturing his class one day. 'In English', he said, 'A double negative forms a positive. In some languages, though, such as Russian, a double negative is still a negative. However, there is no language wherein a double positive can form a negative.' A loud voice from the back of the room piped up, 'Yeah, right.'
Michael J. Fox is extremely formal... ...he even shakes hands with his wife.
I saw this cute homeless girl on the street.. ..so I asked her if I could take her home. She smiled and said "sure", boy the look on her face when I walked off with her cardboard box...
What do you tell the teenage mutant ninja turtle Raphael when he picks up a miniature version of his weapons? Those are the wrong Sais.
Because it pisses off r/funny Why would I type the punchline in the title?
Anti-joke Knock knock Who's there? No
Why do you always invite at least two mormons to go out fishing with you? If you invite only one, you'll have to share your beer.
Little boy and a priest A little boy got on the bus, sat next to a man reading a book, and noticed he had his collar on backwards. The little boy asked why he wore his collar backwards. The man, who was a priest, said, 'I am a Father..' The little boy replied, 'My Daddy doesn't wear his collar like that.' The priest looked up from his book and answered, ''I am the Father of many.' The boy said, ''My Dad has 4 boys, 4 girls and two grandchildren and he doesn't wear his collar that way!' The priest, getting impatient, said. 'I am the Father of hundreds', and went back to reading his book. The little boy sat quietly thinking for a while, then leaned over and said, "Maybe you should wear a condom, and put your pants on backwards instead of your collar."
What's the similarity between eating a girl out and talking to the mafia? A slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
What does a frenchman call a lesiban threesome? Tres bien
A farmer just burst into tears because nobody likes eating his apples anymore... I told him to grow a pear.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 had a gun.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
Why cant obama ever be on a dollar bill? they would have to use to much ink.
What's the definition of a 68? That's when you blow me and I owe you 1.
SO lame!!! My significant other is crippled.
Two pretzels were walking down the street... And one was a-salted.
What do you call a black man who flies airplanes? A pilot, you fucking racist.
What is the best thing about dating a homeless girl? You can drop her off anywhere.
How do you capture a polar bear? 1. Dig a hole in the ice. 2. Place a bunch of peas around the hole 3. When the bear comes up to take a pea, you kick him in the ice hole.
What do you call a Mexican who lost his car? Carlos.
I'd love to get myself a job inspecting mirrors! I could really see myself doing that.
What have women and condoms got in common? If they're not on your dick they're in your wallet.
A drunk woman, stark naked, jumped into a taxi at Fortitude Valley in Brisbane, Australia ... The Indian driver opened his eyes wide and stared at the woman. He made no attempt to start the cab. "What's wrong with you Luv, haven't you ever seen a naked woman before?" "I'll not be staring at you lady, I am telling you, that would not be proper, where I am coming from..." "Well, if you're not bloody staring at me Luvie, what are you doing then?" "Well, I am looking and looking, and I am thinking and thinking to myself, where is this lady keeping the money to be paying me?"
A husband and wife were sitting watching a TV program about psychology.... A husband and wife were sitting watching a TV program about psychology and explaining the phenomenon of "Mixed Emotions". The husband turned to his wife and said, "Honey, that's a bunch of crap. I bet you can't tell me anything that will make me happy and sad at the same time". She said: "Out of all your friends, you have the biggest penis."
Whats Fred Flintstones favorite drug? Crack Rock.
Letter to Santa... Little boy: Santa please send me a little brother!... Santa: send me your mother!!!
Sudoku... It's a numbers game.
Prom was approaching at Central High School, and Doug needed a date. He got the nerve up to ask a popular and pretty girl, Susan, to prom. To his surprise, she said "yes." He was so excited, he went to a tuxedo shop that day to secure his rental. There was a very long line, as many other boys were renting tuxedos as well, but he waited patiently because he was so thrilled, and orders his tuxedo. A week passes. Doug realizes he wants to rent a limo for the big night to impress Susan, so he goes to a car rental shop. There's an even longer line and over a hundred people are waiting, but he's so excited that he waits and waits and finally secures his limo reservation. The big day approaches, and Doug can't contain his excitement. He goes to the flower shop to buy a corsage and a boutineer. Every guy in town is already waiting in line, but he patiently goes to the back and waits his turn. Hours pass, and he finally purchases his items. Flower in hand, he goes and picks Susan up for prom. The night is well, and Doug and Susan are having a blast. They're dancing and laughing and having a generally good time, and soon Susan leans in close to Doug and whispers that she'd like a glass of punch. So Doug, bent on getting her a drink, looks over to the drink tables and sees that there's no punch line.
What do you call a ghost in the Outback? An Apparigine!
Obama won? That's it I am moving.... ..to USA!
I saw the youtube-comment-jokes and raise you the edition I found while listening to skrillex! https://dl.dropbox.com/u/87956689/reddit/youtube.PNG
"Poor Kid" A couple is due to have a child. The day finally comes and the wife has the child but it comes out with just a head. The couple are a little let down by it, but they are determined to give that head the best life it could live. They give it all its shots, feed it, and nurture it. The head comes up on its 21st birthday when the dad wants to take him out for a drink. They get to the bar and the father orders a couple beers. He helps the head down its first beer when it grows a neck. The father is shocked, so he orders another beer and gives it to the head and it grows some shoulders. The father keeps giving the head more and more beers until it grows a full body. The kid, so excited to have a complete body, is just running around dancing with wild drunken joy, and he runs out into the street only to get hit by a bus. The bartender says to the father "aw, poor kid; should have quit while he was a-head."
Three men died in a car accident. So they ascended into heaven and stood in front of St Peter. " After I let you in, there will be three room. Each of you will be assigned to one room." Said St Peter, "in the room, there will be a clock that determines how smart you are. The slower it goes, the wiser you are." So the three man happily walked into their room. The first man walked into the room and look at the clock. After an hour, the clock didn't move at all. He was very happy to know that he is a very wise man. The second person went into the room and look at the clock. The clock moved normally. (Normally as in 60 minutes in an hour). He was also very happy that he is wise. The third man went in and realised that the clock is missing. So he asked St Peter, "where is my clock?" "Oh! somebody borrowed it and used it as a fan!"
"Hey, graduate student Minotaur, what are you up to today?" "Not much, just working on my Theseus."
Paddy and Murphy walking down the street, paddy falls over, paddy says 'Murphy, call me an ambulance' Murphy says.. PAAAADDY IS AN AMBULANCE!!
A guide to spirituality. Religious Views of Life Taoism - Shit happens Confucianism - Confucious says, shit happens. Buddhism - If shit happens, it isn't really shit. Zen - What is the sound of shit happening? Hinduism - This shit happened before. Islam - If shit happens, it is the will of Allah. Protestantism - Let shit happen to someone else. Catholicism - If shit happens, you deserve it. Judaism - Why does shit always happen to us? Atheism - I don't believe this shit. Agnosticism - What is this shit?
The real reason Washington state passed Gay-marriage and recreational marijuana use. Because the bible says when two men lie together, they should be stoned.
I hate double standards. If a woman has sex with loads of men she's a slut. but when i do it that makes me gay?
A girl realized that she had grown hair between her legs. She got worried and asked her mom about that hair. Her mom calmly said- "that part where hair has grown is called Monkey, be proud that your monkey has grown hair" the girl smiled. At dinner, she told her sister-"my monkey has grown hair" Her sister smiled and said-"that's nothing, mine is already eating bananas" .
If the Indians would have given the Pilgrims donkey instead of turkey, we'd all be having a piece of ass for Thanksgiving
How many beans are in Irish bean soup? Two-thirty-nine. One more and it'd be too farty.
What did the two lesbian vampires say to each other? See you next month.
City Life The Colonel's only daughter was the most important person in his world, and he'd protected her fiercely her entire seventeen years. But when Belle asked for an all-expense-paid two-week shopping spree in New York City for her eighteenth birthday, well, hell, the Colonel couldn't say no to his little Georgia peach. When Belle returned from her birthday getaway, she invited twelve of her closest friends to the manse so she could show off the treasures she'd scored. In the midst of modeling the gowns and the glitter, the lacy lingerie and audacious unmentionables, Belle shared some of the tittilating oddities she'd experienced in the big bad Apple. "Yawl know," Belle whispered conspiratorially, "Up thayah, thayah mayan who make love to other mayan?" "Oh, no!" her friends exclaimed. "Oh, yayess! Thay call thayemselves 'home-sect-yewls'. Yayess. But not only thayat, thayah wimmin thayah who make love to other wimmin!" Hankies fluttered. Bosoms flushed. "Oh my goodness graycious lan sakes deeah Lawd..." Belle held up her hand. "Ay'ess Gawd is mah witness! Thayah call thayemselves 'Layahs-bee-ahns'." Her voice turned softer, her Southern cadance slower. "But eve'ahn mah thayan thayat, thayah mayan who will go down between a lady's laygs ayan do awl sorts ah strayange ayan mysterious thangs with thayah fingers ayan thayah lips ayan thayah tongues!" The dozen gasps were almost simultaneous. Three girls felt close to swooning. "Mah, mah! What do theyah call theyemselves?" "Yawl know, Ah aint rightly sure." Belle paused, then shrugged and sighed. "Ah just called ahm 'Precious'." _________ *Edit: spelling correction.
What do you get when you cross a Jew? Christianity.
olimpic condoms The husband comes home and tells his wife : "honey, i got some olimpic condoms !" the wife asks: "olimpic? what do you mean by that?" "Yeah..olimpic. they come in 3 different colors: gold, silver and bronze. And guess what ? Tonight i think of wearing the gold ones !" to which the wife replies: "Honey..could you please wear the silver ones?! I'd love for you to finish second.."
Mother-in-laws Two men are sitting in a pub when one turns to the other and says "My mother-in-law is a saint," To which the other man replies "You're so fucking lucky! Mine's still alive,"
I like my women like I like my alcohol..... Rubbing.
Why is being in the military like having sex? The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.
the other day, I got into a car accident. A midget got out of the other car and said "I'm not happy!" I said "Well, than which one are you?"
What do you call it when a psychic midget escapes from prison? A small medium at large.
Trix are for kids. calling your penis trix because trix are for kids. wait no ( ._.)?
An Alabama pastor said to his congregation, "Someone in this congregation has spread a rumor... An Alabama pastor said to his congregation, "Someone in this congregation has spread a rumor that I belong to the Ku Klux Klan. This is a horrible lie and one which a Christian community cannot tolerate. I am embarrassed and do not intend to accept this. Now, I want the party who said this to stand and ask forgiveness from God and this Christian family." No one moved. The preacher continued, "Do you have the nerve to face me and admit this is a falsehood? Remember, you will be forgiven and in your heart you will feel glory. Now stand and confess your transgression." Again, all was quiet. Then, slowly, a drop-dead gorgeous blonde with a body that would stop a runaway train rose from the third pew. Her head was bowed and her voice quivered as she spoke, "Reverend there has been a terrible misunderstanding. I never said you were a member of the Ku Klux Klan. I simply told a couple of my friends that you were a wizard under the sheets." The preacher fell to his knees, his wife fainted, and the congregation roared.
Knock, knock. Go fuck yourselves. - The straight-laced and frustrated FBI agent, played by Tom Hanks', joke in the movie Catch Me If You Can.
Freudian slip So a husband and a wife were in marriage counseling. The psychiatrist asks "can you please tell me why you're here?". The husband goes onto say: "last weekend, my wife and I were having dinner. I was going to say, can you pass the peas but what I actually said was: you ruined my life you fucking bitch". The doctor fainted.
Where do the Baltimore Ravens sit? On The Wire.
There was a farmer who had three daughters and all of his daughters were going on their first dates at the same time. The farmer, being protective of his daughters, decided to meet their suitors at the front door with his shot gun. Some time went by, the first suitor arrived and the farmer answered the door: "Hi I'm Joe, I'm here for Flo, we're going to the show, is she ready to go?" The farmer thought this on was ok, so he let them go. The second suitor arrived and the farmer answered the door: "Hi my name's Eddy, I'm here for Betty, we're gonna get some spaghetti, is she ready?" The farmer thought this one was ok too, so off the two kids went. The third suitor arrived and the farmer answered the door: "Hi my name's Chuck" and the farmer shot him.
"I didn't know my daughter..." A red-head walks into her daughter's room and finds a bottle of beer under her daughter's bed and says "I didnt know my daughter drank." a brunet walks into her daughters room and finds a pack of cigarettes under her daughter's bed and says "I didn't know my daughter smoked." A blonde walks into her daughter's room and finds a box of condoms under her daughter's bed and says "I didn't know my daughter had a dick."
What does a 9 volt battery, and a pretty girls bumhole have in common? People tell you not to, but you're still going to put your tongue on it.
What is the difference between christianity and national socialism? In christianity, one guy died for all the others.
A Vampire walks into a bar... He walks up to the bar and asks for a shot of blood. He drink it, pays for it and leaves. A second vampire walks in, orders a shot of blood, drinks it, pays for it and leaves. Third vampire walks in and asks for a mug of hot water. The bartender, perplexed, asks, "why didn't you order a shot of blood like the other vampires?" The vampire pulls out a used tampon and replies, "tea-time!"
How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority? Because he likes Dick's.
The $1000 Tattoo A man walks into a tattoo parlor and asks to get a tattoo of a $100 bill on his penis. The Tattoo artist is a bit taken aback and tells the guy that he will do it, but it will cost $1000. The Man agrees and he gets the Tattoo. however, during the process the tattoo artist becomes increasingly curious as to why this guy wants a hundred dollar bill tattooed on his junk. when he asks the guy, he says he would rather not say. After he was finished, he asks the guy one last time, and says that he can have the tattoo for free if he tells him. So the guy says, Sometimes i like to play with my money, I also like to watch my money grow, and most important of all, If my wife decides to blow $100, she can stay home.
What do you call a man who rides his camel backwards? Lawrence of Dublin.
Why was the beaver homeless? He just couldn't give a dam.
Whats Brown and Sticky? Mohammed Ali opening a can of coke.
How many black men does it take to feed a family? Just one, if you eat the whole thing.
Rewrote an old joke to match today's trends Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services. He gasps: "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says: "Calm down, I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There is a silence, then a shot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says: "OK, now what?" The operator then fainted.
When older adults wear flip flops. Older woman was wearing flip flops to the local grocery store. Outside the store, she trips over her flip flop and falls to the ground. The nearby car-boy rushes over and asks if she is alright. She responds by saying, "Oh yes i'm alright, I just tripped over my thong."
I was going to make a joke... But I fainted
So a guy goes to a doctor.. So a guy goes to a doctor and he says, "Doctor, you gotta help me! Every morning, I get up, I fuck my wife. Then I carpool to work with my neighbor's wife and on the way she BLOWS me! Then I get to work, and every time I go into the Xerox room, one of the young girls follows me in so I fuck her on the Xerox machine. Then at lunchtime I take my secretary to a motel and I fuck her in the ass cause that's how SHE likes it. Then in the afternoon at the coffee break I fuck the boss's wife. Then I get back home before my wife and there's the housekeeper, she's always on all fours so I bang her that way then that night, I fuck my wife again!" Doctor says "...so what's the problem?" He says, "It hurts when I jerk off." I saw this one in a claymation video long time ago but I don't know the comedian. Comment if you know who told it!
I saw some nudity on TV last night... I just sat there shaking my fist. I was furious.
I was trying to think of a joke about friends... But I don't have any.
An Idiot boy held his breath for as long as he could. after about two minutes the boy fainted.
What do you call a big pile of kittens? A meowntain.
Say whatever you want about pedophiles... ..but at least they slow down in school zones...
Why did the lion get lost? Cos jungle is massive.
3 men in Saudi Arabia 3 men go on a visit to Saudi Arabia. On one of their tours, they came across a tent. Out of curiosity, they walked inside, to be greeted by 50 young women, who were all highly attractive. These men decide to stay there for a while... and 'have some fun'. After a while, the owner of the tent enters, furious. He asks "What are you men doing in my tent? With my women! I will have to punish you". So he asks the first man, "What do you do for a living?" The first man replies "I'm a policeman" The owner the says "Ahh, then I will have to shoot your penis off" The owner's Body guards take the first man outside. The owner then asks the second man "What do you do for a living?" "I work as a fireman" he replied So the owner says "In that case, I will have to burn your penis off" The body guards take this man outside also. At this point, the third man begins to giggle. So the owner asks "Hey, whats so funny? What do you do for a living?" To which the third man replies "I'm a lollipop salesman"
What do you call someone who pushes people down stairs? A stairorist.
You know, Mexican and Blacks jokes are really starting to bore me. Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal.
The fencer thought he knew what was about to happen but... ...his opponent feinted.
Other students come by train A student to his father: Dear father, Berlin is a fantastic city, people are nice and I really like that city. But, I am a bit ashamed to come to school with my golden plated Ferrari whereas professors and other students come by train. Love, Your son Next day, an answer comes: My dear son, I transferred 20M to your bank account. Please buy your train quickly. Your loving father.
How contagious? A middle aged father was in the bathroom one morning shaving before work, when his teenage daughter passed by the doorway, she came back a moment later and asked her father " dad I've got a very serious question for you" "ok" he replies go ahead, she then sheepishly asks, " um how contagious is herpes" stunned the father immediately thinks of nothing but to try and turn his daughter away from this type of activity, he replies with " oh honey, its very very contagious, any kind of contact will mean almost certain infection, I cant watch you 24/7, so all I can ask if you try and at least stay protected" the daughter backs away from the doorway and replies "well I was just asking because your using my razor and Im currently having a breakout."
The Purple Gorilla  There were two hunters, hunter 1 and hunter 2. They would always boast about who could kill or catch the best animals.  Hunter 1 decided to invite hunter 2 over to his house to show off his latest catch. He said he had caught a purple gorilla, the most rare of all the gorillas. Hunter 2 in disbelief goes to his house. As hunter 2 entered he could see hundreds of animal heads mounted on the walls. Hunter 1 goes over to his bookshelf and pulls a book slightly. The bookshelf opens to reveal an enormous staircase leading downward. Hunter 1 motions for hunter 2 to follow him down. As they descend in pitch blackness hunter 2 can make out a room. They approach the room with a single door and a glass container with two aluminum suits inside. Hunter 1 says to put these suits if you don't want to die. They put the suits on and hunter 1 unlocks the door using a keycard. They enter and as soon as they do bolts of electricity shoot at them rapidly. They are unharmed and make it out safely. They take the suits off and hunter 1 closes the door behind them.  Still in pitch blackness they walk for what seems like an eternity, until they come up to a giant pit. Next to the pit are two pairs of rubber boots. They put them on and climb down a ladder into the pit. Inside are thousands of snakes. They start running hoping to reach the end, at the same time brushing the piles of poisonous snakes off of their boots. They reach the end and climb a second ladder to get out. They take their boots off and start to walk again.  This time they approach an enormous lake which spreads on for a couple hundred yards. There is a dock at the beginning with a boat and two oars. They climb in the boat and start rowing. Suddenly alligators start to attack them. They row faster all the while knocking the alligators away with the oars. They finally reach the end and get out of the boat.  They again walk in pitch blackness and not soon enough approach an absolute gigantic monolith of a door, with a single slot for the keycard hunter 1 used earlier. Hunter 1 swipes the card and the door opens. They walk for a brief time and come upon a second door only a slightly smaller. Hunter 1 swipes the card and they walk through. They again come upon a third door, slightly smaller than the preceding one. This process repeats until they get to a door about a foot tall. Hunter 1 swipes the card and they both crawl through.  The door opens up to a dark room. The only thing inside is a cage in the back right corner, big enough to fit an elephant. Hunter 2 notices a figure in the farthest corner. Hunter 2 begins to take a closer look but hunter 1 warns him he may go no closer if cares for his life. Hunter 2's curiosity gets the best of him. The figure starts to move and hunter 2 can make out the color of it, a deep purple. Hunter 2 now sees the huge beast as the gorilla, hunter 1 was talking about. The gorilla creeps closer to hunter 2. Hunter 2 decides out of his shear insanity that he wants to touch it. He pokes it. The gorilla is furious. The beast breaks open the cage as if it was nothing leaving a huge gaping hole of twisted metal. The hunters run in fear for their lives. Hunter 1 swipes the card for the smallest door and they crawl through. He keeps swiping the card for each consecutive door and they rush through. They reach the last door. Hunter 1 closes it behind them and they keep sprinting. Hunter 2 looks back to see the purple gorilla smashing through each door with ease.  The hunters reach the lake. They're rowing and knocking the alligators off and rowing until they reach the end of the lake. They look back and see the beast jump across the entire lake and keep running towards them. They keep sprinting until they reach the pit of snakes. They put their boots on and jump down. They're sprinting and brushing the snakes off and sprinting until they reach the end of the pit and climb the ladder to safety. Hunter 2 looks back and sees the gorilla jump into the pit smashing the snakes, ignoring their venomous bites. They keep running as fast as they can until they get to the first room. They put the aluminum suits on and hunter 1 swipes the card so they may enter. They run through the room as lightning bolts bounce off of them. They get to the end of the room and take their suits off. Hunter 1 swipes the card to the room and the door closes behind them.  The purple gorilla, still chasing them, rips off the front of the room and throws it aside. He runs through the room ignoring the bolts of lighting. The hunters sprint up the stairs, not looking back, as they know their fate. They reach the top of the stairs and enter the house, closing the book shelf behind them. They cower in the corner hoping their death will be quick. The monstrous creature smashes the bookshelf and slowly approaches the two hunters. The purple gorilla, looking at the second hunter, reaches out his hand, pokes the second hunter and mumbles "tag." **Edit:** Paragraphs
At first I thought this subreddit was beating a dead horse. But it had only fainted.
Corny Peanuts. A guy walks into a bar after a long day at work and orders a drink. After his first sip, he hears a high-pitched voice. "Hey mister! Nice pants!" it says. He looks around, doesn't see anything, and quickly shrugs it off. After a little bit, he takes another sip and hears the voice again. "Hey mister! Sweet shoes!" Again, he looks around, sees nothing but a bartender who is busy attending to other customers. Shaking his head, he sips once more. "Hey mister! Cool shirt!" He puts down his drink, frustrated at this phantom voice, and signals to the bartender, who comes over. "Hey barkeep," he begins, "what is that high-pitched voice I keep hearing?" "Oh, those are the peanuts," he replies. "They're complimentary." [:::OP Site ::::](http://www.schiesshouse.com/a_guy_walks_into_a_bar_and_more.htm)
What do you call a Female Clown? A Clunt.
An Irish guy in front of me said, "Whale-oil beef-hooked" I don't know what any of that has to do with forgetting your passport..
"You're lucky..." A blonde is in a canoe in a field of grass paddling away. Another blonde walks up to her and says, "Hey! You're that blonde that gives us other blondes a bad name. You're lucky I can't swim or else I'd be all over you!"
Why is saying " I'm sorry" and "I apologize" mean the same thing... ...unless your at a funeral.
What do you call a skinny Pakistani cow? A moo-slim.
Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven is a registered sex offender.
I've got a job defusing landmines. It's difficult, but hopefully soon I'll find my feet.
21 years ago a man was born without a body... He was only a head. Miraculously he survived his birth and lived 21 years of his life as just a head without a body. On his 21st birthday his father decided he would take his son out for his first alcoholic beverage. They went to a bar together and the father asked the bartender for 2 cold beers. He helped his son drink the first sip of the beer and suddenly his son grew a torso. He became very excited and took another sip from his beverage. This time he grew an arm. He kept on drinking his beer until he had gained every single part of his body. The son became so excited that he started to jump up and down and dance in the middle of the bar. He ran out the door with his arms lifted towards the sky and danced in the streets. He then got hit by oncoming traffic and died. Moral of the story: You should always stop while you're still a head.
I woke up to the crack of Dawn the other day... I said "Dawn! Get off my face!"
What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot? There have been reported sightings of bigfoot
What does my physics professor have in common with Gandalf? YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
A very prestigious wealthy man and his wife were having dinner at a very fine restaurant... A very prestigious wealthy man and his wife were having dinner at a very fine restaurant when this absolutely stunning young woman comes over to their table, gives the husband a big open mouthed kiss, then says she'll see him later and walks away. The wife glares at her husband and says, "Who was that?" "Oh," replies the husband, "she's my mistress." Well, that's the last straw," says the wife. "I've had enough. I want a divorce!" "I can understand that," replies her husband, "but remember if we get a divorce, it will mean no more shopping trips to Paris , no more wintering in Barbados , no more summers in Tuscany , no more Jaguar in the garage and no more yacht club. But the decision is yours." Just then, a colleague of the husband enters the restaurant with a gorgeous babe on his arm. "Who's that woman with Matt ?" asks the wife. "That's his mistress," says her husband. "Ours is prettier," she replies.
A man walks into a burger joint He sees a really pretty blonde lady working behind the counter. He looks at the menu, which reads -Hamburger: $2.00 -Cheeseburger: $2.50 -Handjob:$25.00 He thinks for a second, then asks the woman "Are you the one that gives handjobs?" She smiles and replies "I am." "Great. Wash your hands. I want a burger."
What's the Difference Between Peanut Butter and Jam? I can't peanut butter my dick in your ass.
I didn't realise how lonely I was... I didn't realise how lonely I was, until I decided my favourite sexual position was right-handed.
What do kids eat for breakfast? Yogoat
what do pirates have with their fish tart arrrrrrrr sauce
How many knees could a negro grow if a negro could grow knees?
A plane above the ocean is crashing A woman in this plane knew she was going to die so she got up and shouted "Before I die I want someone to make me feel like a woman" A couple rows down a man got up, took off his shirt and said "Here iron this"
What do you get when you mix Nyquil and MiraLAX? Relaxatives.
a boy decided to tell a joke .... a little boy decided to tell a joke to his friends. he wonders how they will react. he goes to the first friend. "hey jim!" says the boy. "what do you call a black pirate?" "i don't know." says jim. "a NIIG- AAAAAAR!!!!" says the boy. he goes up to the second friend, and the same thing happens over and over. then he goes to the last friend, sara beth. "sara beth!" says the boy. "what do you call a black pirate?" sara beth looks at him and says " a pirate, you racist." luckily, the boy still has jokes. "well, then. how do you confuse a blonde?" his punchline is "it's a blonde. you don't have to do anything." but sara beth replies "paint yourself green and throw forks at her. the boy gives up. "wait!" says sara beth. " *I* have a joke for you." the boy listens. " a gorilla walks into a bar and orders a banana martini. the bartender finds this weird and is curious, but then realizes it is a dream. he tells his wife about his crazy dream. but the wife ignores him. he wept and wept. soon, he could weep no longer. he was dehydrated, and died." the boy is shocked. the girl says "what's wrong?" the boy faints.
hitler one day, hitler realized he hated juice. hitler had an army. he said to his army, "i hate juice! i want you to burn and demolish all juice!" so the army set off. when they were back, hitler said "well? have you demolished all the fruity juice in the world?" the leader of the army says "you mean.... we were supposed to demolish *FRUIT JUICE?* " 15 minutes later, hitler says "you mean you went on a rampage to kill anyone not christian?" the army leader says "yes sir." so hitler commited suicide.
What's the worst punchline on /r/jokes? I haven't got the faintest idea.
Old Lady at the bank I work at a bank, and one time an old lady asked if I could check her balance. So I pushed her over.
What's the difference between a hooker and a lawer? A hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead.
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
Show it who's boss. You could spend hours, days, or weeks desperately over analyzing it. You could sit there forever trying to put the pieces back together. Or you you can throw that puzzle on the ground and show it who's boss.
What's the best part about dating a homeless girl? You can drop her off anywhere!!
Did you hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray? They say he's a seasoned vet.
Revenge Little Johnny walks into the local whorehouse carrying his piggybank and a flattened dead frog with a piece of string tied around its neck. Johnny tells the woman at the counter he'd like to have sex with a woman. "Well it seems you have enough money here, any special type of girl you'd like?" Johnny replies, "Peggy. I hear Peggy has aids, and she's the one I want to have sex with." The receptionist is a bit confused, but she takes Johnny to a room in the back and tells him to go on inside. A little while passes, and out comes Johnny, still dragging the flattened frog behind him. The receptionist is just too curious and asks, "Son, why did you want to have sex with Peggy if you knew she had aids?" Johnny replied, "Well, it's like this. Tonight when my parents go out to dinner, I'll have sex with the babysitter, and I'll give aids to her. Then when my dad takes her home later, he'll pull over and they'll have sex too, so he'll get aids. After he gets home, he'll have sex with my mom, and she'll get aids too. Then tomorrow morning, the milkman will stop at my house after my dad leaves for work and he'll have sex with my mom, so he'll catch aids as well. And that's the motherfucker that ran over my frog."
My wife and I adopted an abandoned newborn. She was affected by shaken baby syndrome... ...We're naming her Jostlelyne! I made that one up myself.
What's a simile? It's like a metaphor.
My mother told me this one... One day a lonely woman decided to call the dating service. They asked her what she wanted in a man. She replied "I want a man who won't hit me, I want a man who won't leave me, and I want a great lover!" They said ok he will be there in one hour. So the woman gets ready for her date, and an hour later she hears the doorbell ring. She goes to the door but no one is there. When all of a sudden she hears "down here!". She looks down and sees a man with no arms and no legs lying on the doormat. She asks "can i help you?" He says "I am from the dating service." But she does not believe him. He sees this and says "just tell me what you want in a man. She says "I want a man who won't hit me". "Lady I ain't got any arms". "I want a man who wont leave me". "Lady I ain't got no legs". "And I want a great lover" she says. To which he replies "lady, how do you think I rang the doorbell?"
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.
To the "And_then_they_fainted" guy I enjoy your style, and wish you the best of luck in your endeavors. I'll go back and up vote ALL if your posts bc that's hella funny. It seems that most of /r/jokes disagrees, but this is the Internet for gods sake. Have some fun with it!
Why does the Coast Guard have a 6 foot height requirement? So when their ship sinks they can walk back to shore.
Why do women have sex? Because they have to.
a joke that isn't racist a guy is sitting in a bar and turns to the Asian guy next to him and asks: "hey do you know, tai quon do, ju jutsu, kung fu or any of that shit?" offended the Asian man replies: "what you think that just because i'm asian i know martial arts?" the man replies: "nah its because you're drinking my fucking burbon"
The 32nd floor window A young women just steps out of the shower and enters into her bedroom still naked, as it was the 32nd floor of a very tall building. But to her astonishment, she found a man in uniform, suspended in a steel rope and standing on a metal platform, wiping the window of her bedroom from the other side. The young women was shocked about this and was puzzled at the behavior of the man who didn't care to give a shit about the naked lady standing at the other side of the window. She felt a little offended as she always thought herself to be very attractive. She argued to herself that, maybe the window man was too absorbed in his job and probably didn't see anything. But a curiosity kept her moving closer and closer towards the window and anticipating a reaction from the man cleaning the window. When she finally stood so close to the window still watching the man, he stopped for a moment and asked the young lady, 'Haven't you seen a guy cleaning a window so far?'
If Goku used his kamehameha at Jesus Then Jesus is doomed, because even if he blocks the kamehameha, it would spill through the holes in his hands.
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to assure the public that everything possible is being done while the other screws it into a water faucet.
What do a thug and hillbilly have in common? They both like to throw a hoedown.
A kid goes to a store to buy his mother a present So the little boy goes to a store to buy his mother a present. So he goes to the counter and asks if they have any cookies jars? So the clerk grabs down six and hands them to the boy. He inspects the first one, lifts off the lid and looks inside. He says "nope", surprised, the clerk hands him a second one. He does the same thing again and again and again until the sixth one. He says that they're all not like he wanted. The clerk is still surprised. The kid then asks, **Do you have any that don't make a sound when the lid comes off?** *Props to my church for that one.*
They used to call them jumpolines... until your mom used one.
Good Mother in Law A woman confided to her mother that she wanted to divorce her rich husband because he wanted anal sex all the time. The daughter explained to her mom that when they got married her asshole was the size of a dime and now it was the size of a quarter. Her mother said, "He buys you a multimillion dollar condo every year, takes you on exotic vacations all over the world, he bought you a Mercedes and a BMW, he lets you spend thousands of dollars on clothes every week, and you are bitching about 15 cents???!!!!!"
ALRIGHT PEOPLE. Enough with the fainting. It was humorous at first, but now I cringe whenever someone "ironically" puts the fainted punchline in. Cut it out, /r/jokesters. That said, what are some jokes that actually use the "_____ fainted" punchline funnily?
An Irish man walks on the street and ignores a bar... Muahahaha, like that's possible!
My girlfriend bought me a bowling ball the other day. She thought i wouldn't like it but, It was right up my alley!
What did the tailor say after a job well done? There is nothing left too loose.
The Smiths were unable to conceive children... and decided to use a surrogate father to start their family. On the day the surrogate father was to arrive, Mr. Smith kissed his wife and said, "I'm off. The man should be here soon" Half an hour later, just by chance a door-to-door baby photographer rang the doorbell, hoping to make a sale. "Good morning, madam. I've come to...." "Oh, no need to explain. I've been expecting you," Mrs. Smith cut in. "Really?" the photographer asked. "Well, good. I've made a speciality of babies" "That's what my husband and I had hoped. Please come in and have a seat" After a moment, she asked, blushing, "Well, where do we start?" "Leave everything to me. I usually try two in the bathtub, one on the couch and perhaps a couple on the bed. Sometimes the living room floor is fun too; you can really spread out!" "Bathtub, living room floor? No wonder it didn't work for Harry and me" "Well, madam, none of us can guarantee a good one every time. But, if we try several different positions and I shoot from six or seven different angles, I'm sure you'll be pleased with the results" "My, that's a lot of....." gasped Mrs. Smith. "Madam, in my line of work, a man must take his time. I'd love to be in and out in five minutes, but you'd be disappointed with that, I'm sure" "Don't I know it," Mrs. Smith said quietly. The photographer opened his briefcase and pulled out a portfolio of his baby pictures. "This was done on the top of a bus in downtown London" "Oh my God!" Mrs. Smith exclaimed, tugging at her handkerchief. "And these twins turned out exceptionally well, when you consider their mother was so difficult to work with" "She was difficult?" asked Mrs. Smith. "Yes, I'm afraid so. I finally had to take her to Hyde Park to get the job done right. People were crowding around four and five deep, pushing to get a good look" "Four and five deep?" asked Mrs. Smith, eyes widened in amazement. "Yes," the photographer said, "And for more than three hours too. The mother was constantly squealing and yelling. I could hardly concentrate. Then darkness approached and I began to rush my shots. Finally, when the squirrels began nibbling on my equipment, I just packed it all in." Mrs. Smith leaned forward. "You mean squirrels actually chewed on your, um......equipment?" "That's right. Well, madam, if you're ready, I'll set up my tripod so we can get to work." "Tripod?????" "Oh yes, I have to use a tripod to rest my Canon on. It's much too big for me to hold for very long. Madam? Madam? ....... Good Lord, she's fainted!!"
I went to a rope store today looking for some rope. I ask the clerk what the best general use rope is and he brings me aisle after aisle, showing me various types of rope and different knots. We get to one aisle, and there is nothing there except a single, medium sized box. I promptly ask the clerk about it and he tells me, "oh, that's just some old tangled up rope" and quickly tries to rush me out of the aisle. Curious, however I decide to go check out the box. I open it and all of a sudden, I hear the loudest, most terrible screaming coming from inside the box. Taken aback, I slam the box shut. I ask the clerk, "Can you tell me what the hell that was?" The clerk responded, "'fraid not"
I hate French people They give me the crepes
Midwestern joke I heard years ago... State officials in Ohio are trying to pass legislation to change the name of the town, Mechanicsburg, to Engagement. When asked why, one official commented that it made clear sense because the town is halfway between Dayton and Marion.
Have you heard about the Italian chef? He pasta way
How do you get Lady Gaga attention? P-p-p-poke her face.
Women are like parking spaces... Sometimes all the good ones are taken, so you have to stick it in a disabled one.
Bill, Bonnie, and Ted So Bill, Bonnie, and Ted are stuck on a deserted tropical island. And I mean completely deserted. After a week they haven't seen any other inhabitants, they've seen no boats, planes, anything. Over the next couple of weeks they manage to find and gather some food, create a shelter, and generally start living a pretty decent life. They have food in abundance, and their shelter protects them from occasional rains. A few weeks go by and once the stress of washing up on an island ebbs away, they start having urges. So they start having sex. They're only human, they all have needs. Luckily enough Bonnie never gets pregnant, so they've basically got the perfect setup. This goes on for a number of months, and all of a sudden Bonnie dies from a mysterious illness. Bill and Ted are crushed, they feel like their having sex with Bonnie caused her to develop this sickness and die. They're deep in mourning but, eventually, time does heal all wounds, and after a few weeks, they start having urges again. And hey, there's no one around to judge them, so Bill and Ted continue having sex. This continues for a couple of weeks, and then one morning Bill and Ted wake up with this weird feeling... Like what they're doing is wrong, like it's against God's will, it's not what he would have wanted... So they decide to bury Bonnie
The U.N. delegates of the world were in a plane headed to New York for a peace summit. Thirty minutes into the flight, the pilot announces that an engine has been blown, and he demands they throw all the seats off the plane. After detaching the seats, they throw them off. Thirty minutes after that, he announces another engine has been lost., and he demands all carry-on luggage be throw off the plane. Thirty minutes after that, he announces that another engine has been blown, and requests that three brave souls throw themselves off the plane so they can make it to safety. A French man arrives at the door. He's had a good life, and with a "Viva le revolt" he jumps out of the plane. A British man arrives at the door, and with a "God save the Queen!" he jumps out. A Mexican and an American arrive at the same time. With a "Remember the Alamo!" the American pushes out the Mexican.
A racist joke Donald Trump
What do you call assistants that help citrus fruit? Lemonade.
A man and his wife. A man goes to confession. He sits in the booth and says "Bless me Father, for I have sinned." The priest asks him what his sin was. "Father, I made love to my wife." The priest is somewhat taken aback, and explains to the man that lovemaking between married couples is permitted and even encouraged by the church, and that he shouldn't worry about it. The man becomes more distressed. "But father, I made love to her with lust in my heart!" The priest patiently explains that, though it would be bad to allow lust to guide your every action, a little lust within marriage is perfectly acceptable to God. "You don't understand father! I saw my wife bent over the deep freeze, reaching in for a frozen chicken- I wanted her and I took her, right there and then!" Losing patience, the priest tells the man that if he feels THAT bad about it, say three hail Marys and not to do it again. The man is incredulous. "What?! Aren't you going to ban me from church, father?!" "Why in God's name would I ban you from the church, son?" "...well, they've banned me from the supermarket".
Snowmen and bunnies. Two snowmen are standing quietly in a field. A rabbit comes hippity-hopping along, stops, looks around, and lets out a massive bunny fart. The rabbit takes off back to his date, or whatever, and the snowmen burst out laughing. One turns to the other and says, "the funniest thing is, that smelt like carrots!"
What's the difference between a crab with boobs and a bus filled with old people? One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.
I posed naked for a magazine today Although from the reaction I got, I think the newsstand owner would have preferred money
why dont women drive? because theres not road from the bed room to the kitchen
Did you know drinking beer makes you smart? It made Bud wiser.
How do farmers find their sheep in tall grass? Very satisfying!!
Offensive NFL joke. Trigger Warning: Terrorism/World Trade Centre/Religious, anybody who is offended do not open this link I'm really worried about Tim Tebow taking over the QB position. The last time anybody that religious had control of the Jets 9/11 happened
One of the fairly ok jokes I know So there's a radio station contest and you need to ring in with a made up word, the two criterion being: you need to be able to use it in a sentence and it needs to not be in the dictionary. (RA - radio announcer, C - caller) RA: Hello? We have our first caller on the line! Please state your word and spelling. C: G'day mate, it's Bob from the bush and I got a word for ya: gaan. You spell it as G A A N. RA: Well, very well, our experts are just confirming that the word doesn't exist in the dictionary. Can you put it in a sentence? C: Oh, ye... Gaan fuck yourself. RA: *- hangs up -* Ladies &amp; Gentlemen, please be aware we're a family radio station and vulgarities are completely unacceptable. *a bit of time passes, lots of people ring and their words are just not good, then suddenly another caller* RA: Hello? We have another caller on the line! Please state your word and spelling. C: Hello RA, this is Cameron Roflington and my word is SMEE. That's S M E E RA: Well, very well, our experts are just confirming that the word doesn't exist in the dictionary. Can you put it in a sentence? C: Smee again, gaan fuck yourself.
It's not PC to give your wife a black eye You should really be giving her an african american eye
What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans? Baked Beans
Why do mushmelons always have traditional marriages? Because they cantaloupe.
A blonde decides to try horseback riding... ..even though she has had neither lessons nor prior experience. She mounts the horse unassisted and the horse immediately springs into motion. It gallops along at a steady and rhythmic pace, but the blonde begins to slip from the saddle. In terror, she grabs for the horse's mane, but cannot seem to get a firm grip. She tries to throw her arms around the horse's neck, but she slides down the horse's side anyway. The horse gallops along, seemingly impervious to its slipping rider. Finally, giving up her frail grip, the blonde attempts to leap away from the horse and throw herself to safety. Unfortunately, her foot has become entangled in the stirrup; she is now at the mercy of the horse's pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground over and over. As her head is battered against the ground, she is mere moments away from unconsciousness when to her great fortune... Frank, the Wal-Mart greeter, sees her dilemma and unplugs the horse.
There are two types of people I hate in this world... People intolerant of other people's culture.... and the Dutch. Credit to Nigel Powers
Two boxers are in the final championship match. They start fighting and boxer 1 is getting demolished. He is taking blow after blow to the face and body. Nobody in the audience thinks he is going to win. Right before boxer 2 delivers his last blow, he says to boxer 1"I have been masturbating into your gloves for the past two days before this fight. Boxer 1 fainted.
I was so ugly when I was born... ...the doctor slapped my mother.
There was this couple who had been married for 50 years. They were sitting at the breakfast table one morning when the old gentleman said to his wife, "Just think, honey, we've been married for 50 years." "Yeah," she replied, "Just think, fifty years ago we were sitting here at this breakfast table together." "I know," the old man said, "We were probably sitting here naked as jaybirds fifty years ago." "Well," Granny snickered, "What do you say...should we get naked?" Where upon the two stripped to the buff and sat down at the table. "You know, honey," the little old lady breathlessly replied, "My nipples are as hot for you today as they were fifty years ago." "I wouldn't be surprised," replied Gramps. "One's in your coffee and the other is in your oatmeal!!!!
A newlywed couple moves into their new house. One day the husband comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, you know, in the upstairs bathroom one of the pipes is leaking, could you fix it?" The husband says, "What do I look like, Mr. Plumber?" A few days go by, and he comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, the car won't start. I think it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?" He says: "What do I look like, Mr. Goodwrench?" Another few days go by, and it's raining pretty hard. The wife finds a leak in the roof. She says, "Honey, there's a leak on the roof! Can you please fix it?" He says, "What do I look like, Bob Vila?" The next day the husband comes home, and the roof is fixed. So is the plumbing. So is the car. He asks his wife what happened. "Oh, I had a handyman come in and fix them," she says. "Great! How much is that going to cost me?" he snarls. Wife says: "Nothing. He said he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or slept with him." "Uh, well, what kind of cake did you make?" asks the husband. "What do I look like," she says, "Betty Crocker?"
Elton john and muhammed ali once had an exihibition match... And elton won...knocked ali out in the first round...and from that day on everyone knew to be wary of his fruity punch.
What are some of your good 'fake names' Looking for some good joke names like: Mike Hunt Dixie Normous Ivana fukalot ect
A young man goes into a talent agency.. The talent agent asks him, "What's your talent son?" The young man tells him, "I can do bird impressions sir!" Unimpressed the talent agent scoffs and says "Fuck off mate, we get thousands like you, just get out." So he flew out the window.
Want to hear a joke about paper pizza? Nevermind, it's tearribly cheesy.
So I was playing Golf toady. I was solo and decided just to get partnered up at the Club house. After a little bit I was partnered with this fairly lovely lady. We went out playing and started chatting it up. We were laughing and talking and finding out we have a lot in common. though all the fun though we were not actually playing very well. By the time we got to the 18th hole we both had pretty difficult putts ( I was 25 feet on a bad lie and she was slightly closer on the same lie ) I had been enjoying my time with her so much I made her a deal. I told her if I made the putt I would take her out to dinner ( if she didn't mind ) at one of the best restaurants on the island. I lined up and hit the ball after a tense moment the ball passed the cup but stopped and rolled back dropping in. I guess she didn't want to be out done, so she turns to me and says. " If I make this putt, after dinner I will invite you back to my place for drinks. We can relax in my hot tub and drink Champagne and see what happens from there, but only if I make this putt." Hearing her proposal I quickly walk up to her and ask her to let me help her line up the putt. She agrees. So I walk up to her ball bending down and pick it up, then handing it back to her. She looks at me and asks me what am I doing? I look back at her with a straight face and tell her " That's a gimmie if I ever saw one "
How do you bid farewell to a sexually open Arctic animal with a mental disorder. "Bye bye bi bipolar polar bear!"
Lone Child My friend showed this joke to me and I had to post it on Reddit "I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister."
So Bush is elected President... ...and he decides to give Clinton a visit at the White House. So they're having drinks after dinner, conversation flowing, when Bush needs to relieve himself. He asks Bill where the urinals were, and Bill points him down a corridor, third door to the right. He notices that the urinal was golden - but assumes he was sent to a special bathroom, possibly for visiting dignitaries. Anyway, on their way home, he happens to mention this to Laura. She doesn't think it's a good idea for the President to indulge in such extravagances, and decides to tell the First Lady so. So she gives her a ring the next day and tells her how her husband would manage funds better when he finally became President. When they turn in for the night, Hillary turns to Bill and says, "Oh, by the way, honey, I think I know who peed in your saxophone."
What do you call a Jew with the pH level of 1? Hacidic!
A subtle joke A cannibal passes his friend in the woods.
Funny Jokes testdfdfdfdfdfd
Try this on your friends and family Heres a good joke. Start by saying to someone: "hey, do you hitchhike?" Then say "I picked up a guy who looked just like you!" Then say "He had a bag with him, and he was messing with it, then i asked what was in it and he said "none of your fucking business" then you say It was starting to make me nervous so i asked again what was in the bag and again he said "none of your fucking business"Then I opened the car door and he fell out and ran away but he left the bag! Then hopefully the person asks "what was in the bag" Then you say "none of your fucking business!" I've gotten a lot of people with this one, let me know how it goes!
What do you call a nun on a bicycle? virgin mobile
A little bird was flying in the cold, he froze and fell to the ground. A cow walked by and shat on the bird. The bird thawed up and started singing joyfully. A nearby cat heard the singing, so he dug up the bird and ate it. So, the morals of this story: * Not everyone who shits on you is your enemy. * Not everyone who helps you out of shit is your friend. * And if you're in shit, don't sing.
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
Reddit, will you share your favorite inside joke with me? It is very interesting to look at the relationships and intricacies that make an inside joke so funny and sometimes even create a personality of its own. It would be awesome to see all of your stories! I would love to hear why they are funny to you and your friends. How long has the joke been going on? Have new people been included in the circle? If you can think of anything else, go for it!!!
Boat for sale Ole walks by Sven's house and sees a sign that says "Boat for sale". He walks up the driveway and only sees a tractor and a lawn mower. He goes up to the door and says, "Ole, I see dat sign dat says 'boat for sale,' but alls I see is a tractor and a lawn mower." Sven says, "Yup, and dey're boat for sale."
Why doesn't Santa have any children? Because he only comes once a year, and when he does, it's down a chimney.
Why is Michael J. Fox better than a vibrator? You never have to buy batteries.
Why was  afraid of ? Because   !
What do you call a Mexican baptism? Bean dip
Great news for insomniacs... Only three more sleeps until Christmas!
What's black and white, and red all over. And cant fit through a revolving door? A nun with a javelin through her.
Did you guys see that documentary about the voice of Elmo? It's very "touching".
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What does a 60 year old woman have between her breasts that a 20 year old woman doesn't? Her belly button.
Anger Management I was sitting at my desk when I remembered a phone call I'd forgotten to make. I found the number and dialed it. A man answered, saying 'Hello.' I politely said, 'This is Chris. Could I please speak with Robyn Carter?' Suddenly a manic voice yelled out in my ear 'Get the right f***ing number!' And the phone was slammed down on me. I couldn't believe that anyone could be so rude. When I tracked down Robyn's correct number to call her, I found that I had accidentally transposed the last two digits. After hanging up with her, I decided to call the 'wrong' number again. When the same guy answered the phone, I yelled 'You're an asshole!' And hung up. I wrote his number down with the word 'asshole' next to it, And put it in my desk drawer. Every couple of weeks, when I was paying bills or had a really bad day, I'd call him up and yell, 'You're an asshole!' It always cheered me up. When Caller ID was introduced, I thought my therapeutic 'asshole' calling would have to stop. So, I called his number and said, 'Hi, this is John Smith from the telephone company. I'm calling to see if you're familiar with our Caller ID Program?' He yelled 'NO!' And slammed down the phone. I quickly called him back and said, 'That's because you're an asshole!' And hung up. One day I was at the store, getting ready to pull into a parking spot. Some guy in a black BMW cut me off and pulled into the spot I had patiently waited for. I hit the horn and yelled that I'd been waiting for that spot, but the idiot ignored me. I noticed a 'For Sale' sign in his back window, so I wrote down his number. A couple of days later, right after calling the first asshole (I had his number on speed dial) I thought that I'd better call the BMW asshole, too. I said, 'Is this the man with the black BMW for sale?' He said, 'Yes, it is.' I then asked, 'Can you tell me where I can see it?' He said, 'Yes, I live at 34 Oaktree Blvd. , in Fairfax It's a yellow ranch style house And the car's parked right out in front.' I asked, 'What's your name?' He said, 'My name is Don Hansen.' I asked, 'When's a good time to catch you, Don?' He said, 'I'm home every evening after five.' I said, 'Listen, Don, can I tell you something?' He said, 'Yes?' I said, 'Don, you're an asshole!' Then I hung up, and added his number to my speed dial, too. Now, when I had a problem, I had two assholes to call. Then I came up with an idea... I called asshole #1. He said, 'Hello' I said, 'You're an asshole!' (But I didn't hang up.) He asked, 'Are you still there?' I said, 'Yeah!' He screamed, 'Stop calling me' I said, 'Make me.' He asked, 'Who are you?' I said, 'My name is Don Hansen.' He said, 'Yeah? Where do you live?' I said, 'Asshole, I live at 34 Oaktree Blvd., in Fairfax, a yellow ranch style home and I have a black Beamer parked in front.' He said, 'I'm coming over right now, Don. And you had better start saying your prayers.' I said, 'Yeah, like I'm really scared, asshole,' and hung up. Then I called Asshole #2. He said, 'Hello?' I said, 'Hello, asshole,' He yelled, 'If I ever find out who you are...' I said, 'You'll what?' He exclaimed, 'I'll kick your ass' I answered, 'Well, asshole, here's your chance. I'm coming over right now.' Then I hung up and immediately called the police, saying that I was on my way over to 34 Oaktree Blvd, in Fairfax, to kill my gay lover. Then I called Channel 7 News about the gang war going down in Oaktree Blvd in Fairfax . I quickly got into my car and headed over to Fairfax . I got there just in time to watch two assholes beating the crap out of each other in front of six cop cars, an overhead news helicopter and surrounded by a news crew. NOW I feel much better. Anger management really does work.
Just got the new Windows... ... such a pane
The police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. The police charged one and let the other one off.
What do you call a nosey pepper? jalapeno business
I often cry after sex. But in my defence, I use a pretty big onion.
What happened when the turkey got into a fight? He got the stuffing knocked out of him.
What kind of underwear do the GI Joes wear? None, they go commando.
I told my doctor that I recently broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
What kind of computer sings? A Dell
What kind of underwear does a math-obsessed mermaid wear? An algae bra.
why was the computer late to work? because it had a hard drive! (stole it from ellen, from her classic joke tuesday)
What do you call a gay rock. A fruity pebble.
I'd kick you in the vagina..... ...but I am afraid I would lose my shoe.
A priest goes to visit an older member of his congregation at her house. He knocks on her door and she invites him in with a big smile on her face. "Father Johnson! It's so nice to see you here!" says the old lady. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" "Well, Mrs. Smith, I've been preaching sermons at St. Mary's for 35 years and not once did you miss any of them until last month. I just wanted to make sure everything was okay with you," said the priest. "Oh, I'm fine," replied the elder woman. "You see in my old age I just can't make it out as much anymore. Besides, I've memorized every one of your lectures. To pass the time these days, I just sit here looking out my window and think about the different scriptures you've spoken about while enjoying my snacks." The old woman points to a bowl of plain peanuts on the end table next to her favorite chair. "Well, Mrs. Smith, if you'd let me, I'd like to talk to you about my latest sermon. It's actually about you and your undying faith all these years. Would you allow me to ask you a few questions?" said the priest." "OH HEAVENS! Absolutely! I'm honored to be a part of your latest sermon!" replied the woman. The woman poured some iced tea for the two of them, and for the next hour they spoke about life experiences, her late husband, her grandchildren, everything an older woman holds dear to her. After every question the priest asked, he'd help himself to a handful of peanuts. After a while, the priest looks down and sees an empty bowl in front of him. "I'm so sorry Mrs. Smith. I've been so interested in our conversation, I seem to have finished all of your peanuts!" "Oh father, that's quite alright," replied the woman. "I only eat the chocolate off of them anyway."
A gang of nefarious thieves walk into a bar. "Ouch," they said.
If you worked for a tarp company your unveiling would be a cover up.
Little Johnny... ... came home from school to see the family's pet rooster dead in the front yard. Rigor Mortis had set in and it was flat on its back with its legs in the air. When his Dad came home Johnny said, "Dad our rooster is dead and his legs are sticking in the air. Why are his legs sticking in the air?" His father thinking quickly said, "Son, that's so God can reach down from the clouds and lift the rooster straight up to heaven." "Geee Dad that's great," said Little Johnny. A few days later, when Dad came home from work, Johnny rushed out to meet him yelling, "Dad, Dad we almost lost Mom today!" "What do you mean?" said Dad. "Well Dad, I got home from school early today and went up to your bedroom and there was Mom flat on her back with her legs in the air screaming,"Jesus I'm coming, I'm coming"If it hadn't of been for Uncle Carl holding her down we'd have lost her for sure!"
whats black on top and white on the bottom? rape
What did one volcano say to the other? " i lava you "
The First Night of the Honeymoon The groom and bride had finally reached their honeymoon suite and both were eager to consummate the marriage as quickly as possible. The groom was a huge man, over 6'6" tall and 250 solid pounds of muscle. The bride a beautiful and diminutive woman. The groom looked at his beautiful bride, took off his pants and threw them at her feet. "Put those on." He ordered. She gave him a bewildered expression, but attempted to do as he asked. "They're too big, they won't stay on." She exclaimed. "That's right, just remember who wears the pants in this family." She gave him a narrow look and removed her pants and threw them at his feet. "Put those on." She ordered. The groom could not even get his big toe into his wife's pants. "I.. I can't get into them." He stated struggling. She declared back: "That's right and until your attitude changes that's the way it's going to be."
while out today at a restaurant... my waitress had a black eye. so when i ordered i made sure i talked verrrryyyy slowww obviously she wasnt a good listener.
My girlfriend just asked me.. What's an English geologist's favourite fruit? A pomegranate.
What's the difference between three dicks, and the truth? Your mom can't handle the truth.
Antivirus pioneer John McAfee is wanted by the Police for murder charges. If they catch him, they estimate the trial could last 30 days.
So, my friend who hasn't slept in 24 hours just blurted this out... Confucius say, don't leave the chronic masturbator behind. Horny man may come in handy!
An Old Jamaican man lived alone in the country... He wanted to dig his Yellow Yam and Sweet Potato Garden, but it was very hard work as the ground was hard. His only son, Vincent, who used to help him, was in prison. The old man wrote a letter to his son and described his predicament: Dear Vincent, I am feeling pretty badly because it looks like I won't be able to plant my Yellow Yam and Sweet Potato Garden this year. I'm just getting too old to be digging up a garden plot. I know if you were here my troubles would be over. I know you would be happy to dig the plot for me....Love, Dad A few days later he received a letter from his son: Dear Dad, Don't dig up that garden. That's where I buried the bodies. Love, Vinnie At 4 a.m. The next morning, FBI agents and local police arrived and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies. They apologized to the old man and left. That same day the old man received another letter from his son: Dear Dad, Go ahead and plant the Yams and Potatoes now. That's the best I could do under the circumstances.
Coining a new term. I hereby decree that from henceforth all comparisons made between two things for comedy shall be known as... ***a yuxtoposition.***
So I have this friend who's addicted to drinking brake fluid... but he tells me not to worry, he can stop anytime he wants.
Why did Hitler kill himself? He saw his gas bill.
I woke up with just my arm in hospital Hospital is a weird name for a dog
Numnuts man joins a very exclusive nudist colony.... On his first day there, he takes off his clothes and starts to wander around . A gorgeous petite blonde walks by, and the man immediately gets an erection. The woman notices his erection, comes over to him and says, 'Did you call for me?' The man replies, 'No, what do you mean?' She says, 'You must be new here Let me explain. It's a rule here that if you get an erection, it implies you called for me.' Smiling, she leads him to the side of the swimming pool, lies down on a towel, eagerly pulls him to her and happily lets him have his way with her. The man continues to explore the colony's facilities. He enters the sauna and, as he sits down, he farts.... Within minutes, a huge, hairy man lumbers out of the steam-room toward him, 'Did you call for me?' says the hairy man. 'No, what do you mean?' says the newcomer. 'You must be new,' says the hairy man, 'it's a rule that if you fart, it implies that you called for me.' The huge man easily spins him around, bends him over a bench and has his way with him. The newcomer staggers back to the colony office, where he is greeted by the smiling, naked receptionist, 'May I help you?' she says. The man yells, 'Here's my membership card. You can have the key back and you can keep the 500 membership fee.' 'But, Sir,' she replies, 'you've only been here for a few hours. You haven't had the chance to see all our facilities.' The man replies, 'Listen lady, I'm 68 years old. I only get an erection once a month. I fart 35 times a day!!'
Why did the chicken cross the road? bu-buk-buk- becaaause! (pretend i made chicken noises)
How do you determine the personality of a hot dog? Give it an Oscar-Myers-Briggs test
The farmer and his wife A farmer's wife is sitting in her bedroom knitting quietly in her rocking chair. The farmer comes through door with a sheep under his arm and says "Look here, this is the pig I fuck when you're not in the mood". The farmer's wife looks up and says "You are some kind of idiot! That there is a sheep!" The farmer replies "Well, I wasn't talking to you!"
How many light bulbs does it take to change a Jew? Trick question- ovens don't run on light bulbs.
Mixed up nurse A doctor walks into a ward in his hospital and sees one of his patients is half dead. He calls the nurse over and asks "Nurse, did you give this man three spoonfuls of medicine every four hours, as prescribed?" The nurse replies, "No, I gave him four spoonfuls of medicine every three hours. My mistake." The doctor looks over to the other side of the ward and sees another of his patients is half dead. He asks the nurse "Nurse, did you give this man one pill every five hours, as prescribed?" The nurse replies, "No, I gave him five pills every hour. Sorry." The doctor looks over and sees another of his patients. This one is completely dead. He yells "Nurse! Did you prick his boil?!" The nurse looks at her chart and says, "Oops"
So I heard Nicki Minaj once wanted to kill herself. And her song comes on and I think why didn't she?
I decided to write a joke about procrastination
My medication says to store it in a cool, dark place. So I keep it in a jazz club in Harlem.
What do Alan Turing and a well-mixed solution have in common? They're both homo-genius.
My friend redeems himself after getting shot down... My coworker was hitting on these two women who were way put of his league. They tolerated him for a while thinking he would go away, but he was persistent to the point that they were getting visibly agitated. Thinking she would put him in his place, one of the women finally said, "Look buddy, I'm sure you're great, but my friend and I only date guys with 10-inch dicks." I was getting that feeling in my stomach that guys get when they watch a friend get shot down and utterly humiliated. Then my friend replied, "Hey lady, I don't care who y'all are, I ain't holding back two inches for nobody!" He got their numbers.
Help creating a biology joke to end my exam . So, I'm sitting here, needing to write one more essay question for the exam I am giving shortly and have decided that I don't want it to be a serious question. It's only worth a couple of points and I don't mind giving students a couple of freebies. Exam is covering Mitosis/Meiosis/Mendelian genetics... Unfortunately I am not the creative type. What I want to do is have some sort of riddle, just to see what types of answers students come up with..... Laughing makes grading exams much more enjoyable. Any good ideas?
Joe went over to his buddy Bob's house to hang-out and watch football ... As they were sitting in the living room, Bob's dog walked into the room, laid down on the floor, and began to lick its nuts. Joe looked down at the dog and said "Man, I wish I could do that." To which Bob replied, "Don't you think you ought to at least pet him first."
How did the hipster burn their lips? They ate the pizza before it was cool
What do you get when you cross a Jew with two planks of wood? Christianity
Cowboys and Indians A bunch of Indians capture a cowboy named "Clint", and bring him back to their camp to meet the chief. The chief says to Clint, "You going to die. But we sorry for you, so give you one wish a day for three days. On sundown of third day, you die. What is first wish?" Clint says, "I want to see my horse." The Indians get his horse. Clint grabs the horse's ear and whispers something, then slaps the horse on the ass. The horse takes off. Two hours later, the horse comes back with a naked blonde. She jumps off the horse and goes into the teepee with Clint. The Indians look at each other, figuring, "Typical white man - can only think of one thing." The second day, the chief says, "What your wish today?" Clint says, "I want to see my horse again." The Indians bring him his horse. Clint leans over to the horse and whispers something in the horse's ear, then slaps it on the ass. Two hours later, the horse comes back with a naked redhead. She gets off and goes in the teepee with the Clint. The Indians shake their heads, figuring, "Typical white man - going to die tomorrow and can only think of one thing." The last day comes, and the chief says, "This your last wish, white man. What you want?" Clint says, "I want to see my horse again." The Indians bring him his horse. Clint grabs the horse by both ears, twists them hard and yells, "Read my lips dammit! POSSE! P-O-S-S-E!"
Poor Marvin... Marvin, was in the hospital on his death bed. The family called Marvin's Preacher to be with him in his final moments. As the Preacher stood by the bed, Marvin's condition seemed to deteriorate, and Marvin motioned for someone to quickly pass him a pen and paper. The Preacher quickly got a pen and paper and lovingly handed it to Marvin. But before he had a chance to read the note, Marvin died. The Preacher feeling that now wasn't the right time to read it put the note in his jacket pocket. It was at the funeral while speaking that the Preacher suddenly remembered the note. Reaching deep into his pocket the Preacher said "and you know what, I suddenly remembered that right before Marvin died he handed me a note, and knowing Marvin I'm sure it was something inspiring that we can all gain from. With that introduction the Preacher ripped out the note and opened it. The note said "HEY, YOU ARE STANDING ON MY OXYGEN TUBE!"
The Marines are a department of the Navy... The Men's Department
My favorite joke: How many Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One. They stick the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them!
Pest Control There is a church that is infested with rats. No amount of traps or exterminators have any effect on the still growing population. One day the local pastor thinks up a plan. The next day, all the rats are gone. The people are floored and asked what he did. He replies by saying that he baptized them and they will only be back on Christmas and Easter.
Electric Train A few days after Christmas, a mother was working in the kitchen listening to her young son playing with his new electric train in the living room. She heard the train stop and her son said, "All of you sons of bitches who want off, get the hell off now, cause this is the last stop! And all of you sons of bitches who are getting on, get your asses in the train, cause we're going down the tracks." The mother went nuts and told her son, "We don't use that kind of language in this house. Now I want you to go to your room and you are to stay there for TWO HOURS. When you come out, you may play with your train, but I want you to use nice language." Two hours later, the son comes out of the bedroom and resumes playing with his train. Soon the train stopped and the mother heard her son say, "All passengers who are disembarking from the train, please remember to take all of your belongings with you. We thank you for riding with us today and hope your trip was a pleasant one. We hope you will ride with us again soon." She hears the little boy continue, "For those of you just boarding, we ask you to stow all of your hand luggage under your seat. Remember, there is no smoking on the train. We hope you will have a pleasant and relaxing journey with us today." As the mother began to smile, the child added, "For those of you who are pissed off about the TWO HOUR delay, please see the bitch in the kitchen."
Gay Joke John went to the bar, where he got chatting with another customer, his name was Adrian. Adrian explained to John that he was a professor of Logic. John had never heard of this before so he asked for an explanation. Well, said Adrian??Let me give you an example. Do you own a lawn mower?" "I do," answered John. Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a garden.a?? replied the professor. The professor continued: "Logic will also tell me that since you have a garden, you also have a house." Impressed, John said, "Blimey your right!!" "And since you own a house and a house is tough to take care of by yourself, logic dictates that you have a wife." This is incredible!" said John (John is obviously catching on.) "Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual rather than homosexual" said the professor. "You're absolutely right! Why that's the most fascinating thing I ever heard. I can't wait to find out more about this logic lark." John, proud of the new world opening up to him, walked back to the table where Jim was sitting. "So what were talking about?" Jim asked. "Logic," replies John. "What way, do you mean logic?" "Let me give you an example. Do you own a lawn mower?" "No." "Well you're gay, then arent you?"
Man boobs, man perm, man purse. If you have to identify something by saying the gender, it probably shouldn't exist. Sorry if this is a bad joke I just got bored watching the WNBA.
Pancakes A couple was raising a young boy. The two parents were concerned about their child, as he had an abnormally small penis for his age. So they consult a doctor, and after a close examination, the doctor tells the parents, "Just feed him plenty of pancakes. Eventually he'll reach a good size." The next morning, the young boy goes to the kitchen to find a huge stack of pancakes sitting on the table. "Oh wow, Mom! Are these all for me?" asks the boy. The mother replies, "Just take two, dear. The rest are for your father."
Why was 11 afraid of 12? Because 12 13 14!!!!! GET IT?!?!??! source: some comment on reddit I read like 6 months ago
Train Tracks A blonde, a brunette, and a red head were walking through a forest when they come upon a set of tracks. "They must be a set of polar bear tracks," says the blonde. "No, no, they are a set of deer tracks," says the brunette. The red head then exclaimed, "Are you kidding me? Polar bear! This is a forest not the North Pole! A deer is understandable, but these are train tracks!" They were still arguing when they were mauled by a polar bear.
Confucius say... Confucius say man with beard face rough time!
A teacher tells her students to make a sentence using the words "cheese" and "liver"... The White kid responds, "Last night my mother made a Cheese and Liver sandwich. It was delicious." The Black kid responds, "Last night my Dad told my Mom to go get groceries. When she came back without the Government cheese, he punched her in the liver." The Mexican kid responds, "Last night some vatos tried looking up my sisters skirt. So I tell them, HEY LIVER ALONE! CHEESE MY SISTER!"
How did the mathmatician become unconstipated? He worked it out with a pencil
How can you tell if a Mexican is feeling sad? They're wearing a SOMBERERO
What did Lincoln say on the last night of his life? "Aw shit Mary, I need to go see a play tonight like I need a hole in the head..."
We're sorry, the number you have dialed... 911 has been changed to a non-published number. Please make a note of it.
What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly your dick in your girlfriends ass!
Murder There were three european men going to America. they didn't know english so they each went to a place. the first person went to a football game and learned yes. the second person went to a resturant and learned forks and knives. the third man went to a candy shop and heard a little kid yell he stole my lollipop! they all found a dead body when a police officer came up and said did you kill this man? the first man said yes. the cop asked what did you do it with? the second man said forks and knives. the the cop said why did you do it? the third man yelled He stole my lollipop!
God Said to Phil "Come Forth and Receive Eternal Life." Phil came fifth and received a toaster.
50 Shades of Spalding Gray 7 years of decay and the East River.
Jim entered a fencing contest The contest was simple. All of the entrants had to duel a professional fencer, and whoever lasted the longest got $10,000. When it was finally Jim's turn, he enters the ring, and, rather than a foil, pulls out a massive broadsword. The pro fencer feinted
Tony Stark's drag queen name. Fe Male.
So I saw a black man out on the street carrying a TV and thought, "Hey, that looks just like mine..", But then I remembered mine was at home shining my shoes.
Do you ever smoke after sex? I don't know, I never look.
How much does a hipster weigh? An Instagram
I blame my parents for my apathetic attitude... ... but I don't care.
One Wish A man encounters a genie one day while walking through the woods and the genie says: "I will grant you a single wish." The man thinks for a little bit and says: "I really like my job but my commute is terrible. I have to take a ferry every single morning because I live on an island off the coast of the city. It takes way too long. Can you build a bridge between the island I live on and the city where I work so I can drive there every morning? The genie says; "I don't know about that. Bridges are really complicated to build and one that long is likely to be unstable or dangerous. Do you have any other wishes that are a little more realistic?" So the man thinks for a little bit and say: "My whole life I've never understood how women think. Can you help me understand women? The genie then says: "So when do you want me to start building that bridge?"
Chief, is it going to be cold this Winter? It's late fall and the Indians on a remote reservation in South Dakota asked their new chief if the coming winter was going to be cold or mild. Since he was a chief in a modern society, he had never been taught the old secrets. When he looked at the sky, he couldn't tell what the winter was going to be like. Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was indeed going to be cold and that the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. But, being a practical leader, after several days, he got an idea. He went to the phone booth, called the National Weather Service and asked, 'Is the coming winter going to be cold?' 'It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold,' the meteorologist at the weather service responded. So the chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later, he called the National Weather Service again. 'Does it still look like it is going to be a very cold winter?' 'Yes,' the man at National Weather Service again replied, 'it's going to be a very cold winter.' The chief again went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find.. Two weeks later, the chief called the National Weather Service again. 'Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?' 'Absolutely,' the man replied. 'It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters we've ever seen.' 'How can you be so sure?' the chief asked. The weatherman replied, 'The Indians are collecting a shitload of firewood!'
I didn't know what to wear to my premature ejaculation support meeting... So I just came in my pants.
Why men wear earrings... A man is at work one day when he notices that his co-worker is wearing an earring. The guy knows his co-worker to be a normally conservative fellow, and is curious about his sudden change in "fashion sense." He walks up to him and says, "I didn't know you were into earrings." "Don't make such a big deal, it's only an earring," he replies sheepishly. His friend falls silent for a few minutes, but then his curiosity prods him to ask, "So, how long have you been wearing one?" "Ever since my wife found it in my truck."
The bird who sought a purpose Apologies if a joke like this was already submitted, I just discovered this wonderful subreddit and I'd like to chip in :) A bird had long traveled the country side. He was never content with his meager life, and sought a purpose. One day, the bird came upon quite a sight! A massive clearing in the woods was absolutely infested with animals of all kinds. From the mighty lions, to the slithering snakes, to the wise owls, to the towering Giraffes. Even odder than this sight, however, was the fact that all these animals were standing in front of a massive door carved into the side of a cliff. The bird approached and asked a friendly looking hedgehog what all this was about. She filled the bird in on the details: All these animals had sensed a mysterious calling from beyond the door, and they knew they must somehow get inside... But what actually lay beyond, no one knew. However, it was locked tight! Everyone was trying to figure out how to get inside. Just as the hedgehog finished, a pack of Gorillas stepped forward. The largest stood up and beat his chest, proclaiming "We the strong Gorillas! We beat down door with our fists!" And sure enough the group started to pound on the door with all their might. Their effort was to no avail, as the door did not budge. Next, a snake slithered forward. "I could ssslitherr inssside the lock, and sssee how it worksss from the insssiiide..." A giraffe volunteered and lifted the snake up to the lock with his long neck. The animals waited for a tense five minutes. The snake eventually emerged, defeated. "'Tisss no ussse... I can't make sssenssse of it." The crowd began to grow restless, and things were looking to become hostile really quickly. The bird slipped between the legs of the animals and stood before them all. "Ahem..." All the animals stopped and stared at the small bird standing before them. A hyena started laughing: "Haw! What could you do, little bird? Our mightiest ones, our wisest ones, our craftiest ones could do nothing!" The bird stood taller, and fluffed his feathers proudly. He had found his purpose. "That... Is the Turdoor. It has a Turlock, and **I** am the Turkey."
How much does a hipster weigh? One instagram.
Chicken for Supper So this kid gets home around 6 and his dad asks "where were you?" The kid replies "at my girlfriends studying." The dad says "ok come sit down supper is ready." After a few minutes the kid says "This is great fish dad." The dad replies "Go wash your hands, it's chicken." Edit: Spelling
What's the hardest part about eating your vegetables? Digesting the wheelchair.
What's the difference between a feminist and a doormat? You might try and knock some mud off on the sidewalk before you step on the doormat.
The reason I don't like police officers... Everyone that has ever arrested me has been a police officer.
A man walks into a bar... ...has a seat and notices a huge jar on the counter full of cash. He asks the bartender what it's all about. Bartender tells the man "Well we have this bar challenge. To win the money you must first fight our bouncer and win." The man looks toward the door and notices the bouncer is this huge MMA looking tough-as-nails badass. The bartender continues "The second part of the challenge is to go out back where there is a stray pitbull that's mean as hell and has a sore tooth. You must pull the sore tooth from the pitbull's mouth. The third and final part of the challenge is to go into our backroom and fuck Bertha. Bertha is a retired whore, about 350 lbs, and has every STD known to man. If you complete all three challenges the cash is yours." Bewildered, the man says "Wow, that's crazy, no thanks" After 2 or 3 hours and countless shots of Tequila the man starts thinking about how he could really use the money in that jar. He's falling down drunk and decides he going to go for it. "Heeeeyy Bartandderer... here I gooo... that cashsshsh is MINE!" The man then walks over to the MMA-type bouncer and knocks him out with one punch to the jaw. Then he proceeds to stagger out the back door where the pitbull is waiting. The bartender hears screaming and yelping followed by ungodly wails from the dog outside. Literally the most terrifying and horrible dog noises he's ever heard. After about 10 minutes the man stumbles back into the bar. His clothes are shredded and bloody. He looks like he's been fighting a wood-chipper. He stumbles over to the bartender with big grin on his face and says "ALRIGHT, NOW WHERE'S THAT FAT WHORE WITH THE SORE TOOTH?"
Pet Lobsters An old joke (not mine) &amp; one of my favorites: In a small fishing village, a Newfoundlander was walking up the wharf carrying two live lobsters, at least three pounds, one in each hand. It was three weeks after the season closed. Whom should he meet at the end of the wharf but the Fisheries Officer who, upon viewing the live and wiggling lobsters, says: "Well me laddie, I got you this time- with two live lobsters, three weeks after the season closed!" The Newfie says, "No, my son. You are wrong! These are two trained lobsters I caught two weeks before the season ended." The Fisheries Officer says, "Trained? Like how?" "Well, my son- each day I takes these two from my house, down to the wharf, and puts them in the water for a swim. While they swim, I sits on the wharf and has me a smoke or two. After about 15 minutes I whistles, and up comes me two lobsters, and I takes them home!" "Likely story," the Fisheries Officer says. "Let's take them on down to the wharf and see if its true." So, the Newfoundlander goes ahead of the Fisheries Officer to the end of the wharf where, under supervision, he gently lowers both lobsters into the water. The Newfie sits on a wharf piling and lights up a smoke, then another. After about 15 minutes the Fisheries Officer says to the Newfie, "How about whistling?" The Newfoundlander says, "What for?" The Fisheries Officer says, "To call in the lobsters." "What lobsters?" the Newfie asks.
Did you hear that the BBC have sacked Bob the Builder? They feel they can no longer trust a children's TV star who claims to be able to 'fix it'
I cannot tell a lie. A very distinguished lady was on a plane arriving from Switzerland. She found herself seated next to a nice priest whom she asked: "Excuse me Father, could I ask a favour?" "Of course my child, What can I do for you?" "Here is the problem, I bought myself a new sophisticated hair remover gadget for which I paid an enormous sum of money. I have really gone over the declaration limits and I am worried that they will confiscate it at customs. Do you think you could hide it under your cassock?" "Of course I could, my child, but you must realize that I cannot lie." "You have such an honest face Father, I am sure they will not ask you any questions", and she gave him the "hair remover". The aircraft arrived at its destination. When the priest presented himself to customs he was asked, "Father, do you have anything to declare?" "From the top of my head to my sash, I have nothing to declare, my son", he replied. Finding this reply strange, the customs officer asked, "And from the sash down, what do you have?" The priest replied, "I have there a marvellous little instrument destined for use by women, but which has never been used." Breaking out in laughter, the customs officer said, "Go ahead Father. Next!"
I try to spend at least 45 minutes on Chatroulette a night, but I usually have to stop early because my arm gets tired.
Robot Slapper A man buys a lie detector robot that slaps people who lie. He decides to test it at dinner. **DAD:** Son, where were you today during school hours? **SON:** At school **Robot slaps son* **SON:** OK, I went to the movies. **DAD:** Which one? **SON:** Toy Story **Robot slaps son again* **SON:** OK, it was Day with a Porn Star **DAD:** WHAT? When I was your age I didn't even know what porn was! **Robot slaps dad* **MOM:** HAHA! After all he's your son. **Robot slaps mom*
So, two pedophiles are talking... One of them says to the other "I never really liked racing, I always come in a little behind."
My favorite jokes are the short ones that make me laugh. Here's a short one that I hope makes you laugh. How do you find Will Smith in the snow? - You look for FRESH PRINTS!!
I was watching some construction workers today outside my office building. They were laying down a bunch of grass. I saw a forklift come in carrying rolls of grass, when all of a sudden a huge bulldozer came out of nowhere and crashed full speed into the forklift. Both the driver of the forklift and the grass went flying... It was quite the horrific sight indeed...all I could think was, "Poor sod..."
What is the worlds wettest animal? The reindeer
" Could you explain to me why I woke up this morning with a cucumber up my ass? " My wife screamed. " Could you explain to me," I yelled back, " Why you didn't wake up when I put it there? "
What does spinach and butt sex have in common? When they are forced on you as a child you resent them as an adult
Purple Passion So John is in third grade and he needs to prepare a report for class. The time comes to present the report and John gets up in front of the class and says 'Today, I am going to tell you guys about Purple Passion.' His teacher INSTANTLY cuts him off and tells John to go to the office. When John gets to the office, the principle sits down with him to see what all the fuss is about. John tells him, 'Sir, I don't really understand what the problem is. All I did was prepare a report on Purple Passion.' The principle IMMEDIATELY expels John. So John is on his way home and is dreading telling his dad about being expelled and has no idea why all of this is happening. When John gets home he tells his dad what happened and his dad promptly shoots him in the head. So now John is down in the depths of hell, meeting the Devil. The Devil pulls young John aside and asks, 'Do you know why you are here?' John says, 'No, I really don't. I just prepared a report on Purple Passion and all this happened.' The Devil laughs and says, 'That is because Purple Passion is a terrible joke and just wastes people's time.'
Nuts. When you have nuts on the wall they're called walnuts. When you have nuts on your chest they're called chestnuts. When you have nuts on your chin you're called a cocksucker.
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think we give a fuck.
For weeks, Tommy was telling his kindergarten teacher about the baby sister who was going to be coming to his house soon. One day at home, Tommy's mother let him feel the baby kicking. Tommy didn't say anything, and he stopped talking about the baby at school. Finally the teacher sat Tommy down and said, "Whatever happened to your new baby sister?" Tommy burst into tears and confessed, "I think my mummy ate her!"
Whats the difference between a black person and a pizza. A pizza can feed a family of 4
First Aid Saves "How come you're late?" asks the Manager as I walked through the door. "It was awful," I explained. "I was walking down West road and there was this terrible accident. I saw a woman lying in the middle of the road. She'd been thrown from her car. Her leg was broken, her skull was fractured, and there was blood everywhere. Thank god you put me that first-aid course;all my training came back to me in a minute." "What did you do?" asks the Manager. "I sat down and put my head between my knees to keep myself to stop myself from fainting!
Indian names. A little Indian boy becomes curious one day and decides to talk to his father, the chief of their village how his tribe chooses names. "Father," he said "how do we get out names in this tribe?" The father looks at his boy and tells him "well, my son, when a baby is born in this village they are given their name based on the last omen seen by our tribe. That is why I am named Roaring Blackbear, and you're mother is named Soaring Eagle." "Oh well that certainly clears some things up for me, father." The boy said. The chief looks at his son and asks "why do you ask, Two Dogs Fucking?"
My dog. My fucking dog got neutered. Now he's just my dog.
I like my women the way I like my microwave... [NSFW]... ...cold on the outside, warm on the inside, and kills any baby I put inside her. **EDIT** Thanks for the upvotes! My military friend has one other you all might enjoy: Like my women the way I like my golf score...in the 80s and with a slight handicap.
My new girl friend. Just got a new Czech girlfriend, but its taken her nearly 5 days to hoover the house. Turns out she's a Slovak.
Yep, it's a Yo-Mama joke Yo Mama'a so fat that when she goes to New York people say: That's one Big Apple.
Confucius say..... Confucius say man drunk in cemetery make grave mistakes
What is the saddest thing in you're life? That you clicked on this link only to correct my grammer....
If you had to choose between a billion dollars or world peace... how many bedrooms would your mansion have?
Turkeys Recalled. Did you see the news story about the turkey recall? Check your freezers, because Butterball is recalling all of their turkeys because they forgot to butter the balls.
Two bulls are standing in a field..... ..its a cold morning and one bull says to the other.. "It's a bit chilly this morning" to which the second bull says "I know, i might just go slip into a jersey........."
Why is Light Beer like sex in a canoe? It's fucking close to water
A blonde goes into an overseas transmission center... So this blonde goes into this transmission center to go talk to her mother, which is in another continent working 12 hours a day. The male receptionist said "100 dollars please," and the woman remembered she left the cash at home. She didn't have the time to wait, so she said to the male receptionist, "I don't have the money, but please, I'll do ANYTHING to talk to my mother!" The man arched an eyebrow (as we would suspect) and said again, "Anything?" "Yes," said the blonde. So the man told her to come into a room with him, lock the door, unzip his pants, and pull his tool out. She did as she was told. And after a few moments of silence, the man whispers "...well...go on..." And so the woman goes really close to his tool, puts her mouth right in front of it, and........ "Hello? Mom? Can you hear me?"
Why does Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
I was in a London pub last Friday night ...and noticed two chubby women by the bar. They had very strong accents, so I asked, "Are you two ladies from Scotland?" One of them turned to me and yelled, "It's WALES you cunt!" I said, "oh, I'm sorry, are you two whales from Scotland?"
Noise in the monastary There was a little boy who lived in a far away land. Close to the boy's home, there was a tall mountain, always covered in snow at the top. Also at the top of the mountain, there was an ancient monastery where ancient monks lived. Sometimes, the little boy, as he was riding his tricycle around his yard, would look up at the monastery on the tall mountain and wonder what it was like up there. One day, when the wind was blowing down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold and the little boy could hear a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the little boy made a peanut butter sandwich, hopped on his tricycle and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him hours and hours, but he finally made it to the top. He bravely pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Hello, Mr. Monk, sir. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the little boy got back on his tricycle and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. The wind did not blow down off the mountain again until a couple years later. The boy was a bit bigger and stronger now and now rode around town on his bicycle. As luck would have it, he was out riding when the wind blew down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold, and he heard a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the bigger boy made a ham and cheese sandwich, hopped on his bicycle and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him hours, but he finally made it to the top. He pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Hey, Mr. Monk. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the big boy got back on his bicycle and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. The wind did not blow down off the mountain again until a couple years later. The boy had grown into a strapping youth now and rode around town on his motorcycle. As luck would have it, he was out riding when the wind blew down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold, and he heard a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the strapping youth grabbed a slice of pizza, hopped on his motorcycle and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him 30 minutes, but he finally made it to the top. He pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Yo, Mr. Monk, dude. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the strapping youth got back on his motorcycle and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. The wind did not blow down off the mountain again until a couple years later. The boy was now a young man and often rode around in his new convertible sportscar. As luck would have it, he was out riding when the wind blew down off the mountain, the air turned quite cold, and he heard a very strange noise on the wind. It was coming from the monastery! He could not figure out what could possibly be making such a strange noise and he was curious. So, the young man bought a burger at a fast food place, got in his convertible sportscar, and started his ride up to the monastery. It took him 20 minutes, but he finally made it to the top. He pounded on the massive door to the monastery and the head monk opened the door. "Mr. Monk. Down at my home in the valley below, I heard a very strange noise coming from your monastery. Could you tell me what it is?" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." Sadly, the young man got back in his convertible sportscar and rode all the way home, in a very foul and frustrated mood. He really did want to know what was making that noise. That night, he thought and thought about the very strange noise and how he just had to know what caused it. So, he resolved to do something about it the next day. The next day, he got in his convertible sportscar and raced up the mountain, slammed on his brakes, and skidded to a stop right in front of the massive door to the monastery. He honked the horn of his convertible sportscar until the head monk finally opened the door. "Alright, Mr. Monk, I want to know what is making that very strange noise coming from you monastery!" "I'm sorry," replied the head monk, "I can't tell you. You aren't a monk." "Well, then can I become a monk?" "Why certainly! It is quite easy. You must travel the earth and count the number of blades of grass in every field and the number of grains of sand on every beach. When you return with your answer, then you shall be a monk." So the young man left the monastery and travelled the earth. For years and years he counted the blades of grass and grains of sand, until one day he had finally finished. He made his way slowly back to the monastery and found the head monk. "Oh, Mr. Monk, I have travelled the earth these past years, counting the blades of grass and grains of sand. I finally know that there are 123,123,123,123,123 blades of grass in the fields and 123,123,123,123,123 grains of sand on the beaches and I would like to become a monk." So the man became a monk. At last, he would now be able to find out the source of that very strange noise coming from the monastery. "Mr. Monk, what is the noise coming from the monastery?" asked the new monk. The head monk replied, "The source is too complicated to describe in words. I am afraid that you must see it for yourself to truly understand it. This key will show you the answer you seek." "Take this key to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery. There you will find a long corridor. At the end of the corridor is a door and through the door is the thing that makes the noise." Well, of course the new monk went immediately to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery and there he did indeed find the long corridor. He walked down the corridor until he could see the door at the end. Unfortunately, there were three magical fires that never go out blocking the man from the door. He decided to jump the fires to reach the door. The man made sure the key was secure in his hand, took a running charge at the first fire and leapt! Over the first fire he flew, but he dropped the key. The man leapt back over the fire, ran all the way back down the long corridor, out of the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery and back to the head monk. "Oh, Mr. Monk! I am so sorry! I went to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery, down the long corridor to the door, but there were magical fires and I dropped the key in the first one as I leapt over it." "Do not worry, for there is another key and you must overcome tests on your way to enlightenment. The second key, however is far, far away in Canada." The new monk left the monastery and travelled to Canada. It took many years because he had no money, being a monk and all. Eventually, he arrived in Canada and managed to track down the key to the door. The monk then had to make the return journey equally as painstakingly, but finally he arrived back at the monastery. Down into the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery he went, until he found the long corridor. The three magical fires were in front of him as he took a running start. Over the first fire went the monk, key still in hand! Over the second fire went the monk, key still- RATS! He had dropped the key in the second fire. The monk leapt back over the second fire, back over the first fire, back down the long corridor he walked and out of the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery. The monk went back to the head monk. "Oh, Mr. Monk! I am so sorry! I went to the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery, down the long corridor to the door, but there were magical fires and I dropped the key in the second one as I leapt over it." "Do not worry, for there is one more key and we must all overcome tests on our way to enlightenment. The third key, however is far, far away in Australia." The monk left the monastery and travelled to Australia. It took many years because he had no money being a monk and all. Eventually he arrived in Australia and managed to track down the key to the door. The monk then had to make the return journey equally as painstakingly, but finally he arrived back at the monastery. By this time, he was quite an old monk. Down into the deepest, darkest corner of the coldest, dampest room in the dirtiest, filthiest cavern under the monastery he went, until he found the long corridor. The three magical fires were in front of him as he took a running start. Over the first fire went the quite old monk, key still in hand! Over the second fire went the quite old monk, key still in hand! Over the THIRD fire went the quite old monk, key still in hand! He had made it! He'd made the jumps and here he was standing outside the door with the answer to his question. Finally, finally, after so many, many, many years of wanting to know what was making the strange noise, he would know. The answer lay through the door in front of him and he could at last be at peace with himself. Slowly, the quite old monk slid the key into the lock. Turning the key a slight 'click' was to be heard as the lock moved back allowing the quite old monk to open the door. He pushed the door open and stepped inside. And do you know what it was? I'm sorry, I can't tell you. You aren't a monk.
Dramatic performance I once had a dramatic performance on the subject of puns, but then I realized it was just a play on words.
Joke of the Day A baby seal walks into a club.
Gay marriage It all makes sense now. Gay marriage and marijuana being legalized on the same day. &gt;Leviticus 20:13  "if a man lays with another man he should be stoned." We've just been interpreting it wrong all these years. Source http://www.quora.com/Humor/What-are-some-funny-gay-jokes-or-anecdotes/answer/Abhishek-Agarwal-8
A fifty-five year old security guard told me this one. A father and son are fishing and discussing life. The son looks up to his father and asks, "Dad, what's a vagina look like?" The father quickly responds, "Before or after sex?" The son thinks about it for a bit and say, "Um. Both." The father says, "Well lets see. Before sex pussy is like a beautiful flower, ready to bloom and bring forth an intoxicating aroma." The son says, "Well what about after sex?" The father pauses and then says, "Well son... You ever seen a bulldog eating sour cream?"
Before Reddit there was a club dedicated to telling jokes and this is what happened This club dedicated to telling jokes would meet every month and tell jokes to each other. The best jokes were retold so many times that after a while the club members would simply reference them by number. One evening they were telling jokes as usual: "Do you remember number 117?" Lots of laughter "Well how about number 92?" Laughter and applause "But nothing beats number 12. Right?" Laughter and laughter "And 67 is excellent!" Again lots of laughter. However this time one of the newer members laughed extra hard, slapping his knees. It took a good while before he had finished laughing, with tears in his eyes. The others then asked him what he thought was so funny about joke number 67 and he answered: "I hadn't heard that one before!"
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? (Sorry if you've heard this) Christopher Walken
Freudian Slip A man is at a bar with his buddy and notices the 'tender is well stacked. He also notices his buddy leaving a rather handsome tip for his beers. "Woah, man thats a huge TITS," he says, as the bartender overhears and gives a creepy glance. The man's buddy tries to console his embarrassed friend. "Oh man, don't even worry about it. It's just a Freudian slip, it happens to me all the time." "Yeah?" "Yeah, for example. The other night I was out to dinner with my wife. I meant to say 'Honey, can you please pass the salt and pepper,' but I slipped and accidentally said 'Fuck you bitch you're ruining my life.' "
What's the worst part about being a black Jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
Sick day. A man calls his boss and tells him he won't be coming in to work today because he's not feeling well. The boss says, "Well we really need you today. Whenever I'm feeling sick I tell my wife to give me a blow job. Works every time. Why don't you try that and then see how you feel." He calls back an hour later and says, "Just letting you know, I'm on my way to work. I feel great now. And by the way, you have a nice house."
What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint.
What's the difference between a school teacher and a train? A school teacher tells you to spit out your gum, a train says choo choo.
An Odd Funeral... A guy is just coming out of the store when he sees an unusual funeral procession moving down the road. In front is a black hearse, which is followed at a respectable distance of about 30 feet by another, slow moving hearse. Behind the two walks a man with a dog. And some twenty feet behind him is a line of 100 more men, walking just as slowly. His curiosity gets the better of him and he approaches the man with the dog as they pass, falling into step beside him. "This may not be the best time..." he begins "but I've never seen a funeral like this, so I need to ask what's going on. Who's in the first hearse?" "My wife" says the man with the dog, mournfully. "She yelled at me, so Rover attacked and killed her." As if it feels guilty, the dog lowers its head and tail at the mention of his name. "Oh.. oh my. I'm so sorry for your loss." Says the second guy. He walks alongside in respectful silence for a while before, once more, curiosity gets the better of him. "So whose in the second hearse?" "My mother-in-law." comes the reply. "She tried to help my wife, so Rover killed her too." "Oh my god, that's awful!" says the other guy, and walks alongside in respectful silence for a moment more. Eventually, he looks up and says "I don't suppose I could borrow your dog, could I?" "Get in line." answers the guy.
A man is on a tropical vacation A man goes to a pacific island for vacation. As the boat nears, he notices the constant sound of drumming. As he gets off the boat, he asks a native how long the drumming will go on. The native casts about nervously and says "very bad when drumming stops." Later that day, the drumming is still going and it is really starting to get to him. So, he asks another native when the drumming will stop. The native looks as if he's just been spooked. "Very bad when drumming stops," he says, and hurries off. After a couple of days with little sleep, the man had had enough. He grabbed the first native he saw, slammed him up against a tree, and shouted, "What happens when the drumming stops?!" The native replied, "Bass solo."
I called work and told them I have Anal Glaucoma... Just couldn't see my ass coming in today.
A Texan and a New Yorker are sitting in a bar. The Texan, feeling boastful, says, "Back home in Texas, I can get in my truck at sunup and drive a straight shot until sundown without reaching the edge of my property." The New Yorker nods sympathetically and replies, "Yeah. I had a car like that once."
What do you call 30 gay guys buttfucking in a circle? A creme-filled donut.
My sex life is like a Wild West saloon... Liquor in the front, poker in the rear
With hostess shutting down... I bet Colorado is rethinking legalizing weed now...
My friend made a joke and wants to know if it's good. Let me know what you think There is two doctors one old and one young, and the old doctor is teaching the younger doctor about house calls, they go to the first house and the old doctors like I'll teach you how it's done, and he asks the woman "what's wrong?" And the woman replies "I've been full and not that hungry much". The doctor drops his stethoscope and looks around the trash and notices empty chip bags and candy rappers around the trash can. And the doctor than says you need to lay off the junk food. They leave and the older doctor explains to the younger doctor how he did it. And they go to the next house and the younger doctor says "I'll try this one." the girl says she has been to tired lately. The younger doctor droped his stethoscope and and picked it up, and told the woman to "lay off the church work and religion stuff." The lady said "okay I'll try that and see how it works" they leave and the older doctor asks how the did you do that one" and the younger doctor said "When I dropped my stethoscope I noticed the priest underneath her bed"
I saw a one-legged man sitting at the bar. He had two beautiful women sitting with him, and they were buying HIM drinks. I puzzled over this for awhile. He wasn't particularly good looking, pretty average, actually. But the three of them were having fun so I left it alone. Later, I was a few more beers deep, and I still couldn't figure it out. The three of them were still there, still having fun, and the ladies were still buying all of the drinks. Did they feel sorry for him? Was he just really, really funny? At one point the ladies went to the bathroom. I sidled up to him at the bar. I asked him about it. How did he manage to get two beautiful women to buy him drinks all night long. He raised took a sip of his beer and raised his eyebrow coyly. "I don't have any legs."
You'll be surprised how many people won't get the answer to this. Q: what's red and smells like blue paint? A: red paint.
A couple at the nursing home So two residents at the old age home are about to hook up. They're getting all hot and heavy in the woman's room. Suddenly, she stops and says to the man, "Before we go any further, I should tell you I have acute angina." To which the man replies reassuringly, "At my age, I don't care *what* it looks like."
"prepare for battle" they said Yet they didnt prepare themselves
So a fisherman and his wife... ...have lived together in a modest home for years now. Every morning the man wakes up before sunrise to go fishing without fail. One morning he sees a storm has rolled in and the sea is violent, he decides for the first time in in years not to fish. He makes his way back to home through the rain and lightning. He slowly slides back into bed with his wife. When he finally gets all tucked in, his wife whispers "I glad you're back" to which the fisherman replies "Me too". The peaceful silence that followed was interrupted by a loud crack of thunder. The wife whispers "Can you believe my husband is fishing in this shit?"
I got offered a job at McCormick... ...but it was just seasonal work.
What did the judge say when the defendant cause a ruckus in vegetable court? Bay leaf get him out if here!
Doctor's orders for more peace in your life A doctor on TV said that in order to have inner peace in our lives after this election, we should always finish things we start. Since we all could use more calm in our lives, I looked around my house to find things I'd started and hadn't finished. I finished a bottle of Merlot, a bottle of Chardonnay, a bodle of Baileys, a butle of wum, tha mainder of Valiuminun scriptins, an a box a choclutz. Yu has no idr how fablus I feel rite now.
Hey bartender, come here... A man walks into a bar and says, "Hey bartender, come here. I bet you $100 I can lick my right eye." "Deal," says the bartender, looking at the man's right eye. The man takes out his glass eye, and licks it, watching the bartender curse as he hands over $100. An hour passes and the man says, "Hey bartender, come here. I bet you another $100 I can bite my other eye, my left eye." The bartender takes a good look at the man's left eye, making sure it was real, and says, "Deal." The man takes out his false teeth, and bites his left eye. The bartender hands over another $100, raging with anger. Another hour passes and the man says, "Hey bartender come here. I bet you $500 I can piss in that shot glass across the bar...without spilling a drop." The bartender, keen to make his money back and more, sees no way it's possible and says, "Deal." The man pissed all over the bar, spraying piss everywhere. The bartender jumps in happiness, taking his $500. After, he asks the man why he would make such a stupid bet. The man says, "See that guy in the corner, crying? I bet him $5,000 that I could piss all over your bar...and you'd be happy about it."
Two kids Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one - and let the other one off.
What do you call a table with dots all over it? The periodic table!
Why do you take toilet paper to the twilight zone? DODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODO
The thing about bird jokes are... sometimes they're hard to swallow. Owl let myself out.
How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles
What is Hitler's least favorite beverage? Juice.
so a black, unattractive, gay, Mexican, mentally ill, short, overweight, Muslim, immigrant woman walks into a bar in the south, and the Bartender says, "hey, all that matters is that you're not a Jew."
An old man goes into the doctor's office. ...he walks to the receptionist's desk, and very loudly says "I GOT A PROBLEM WITH MY DICK!." Everyone in the waiting room gasps and looks over at him. Embarrassed, the receptionist says "sir, when you have a personal problem like that, you should tell me you have a problem with your ear, or something like that, ok? We are very busy right now, you should come back tomorrow." The man scoffs and walks out of the clinic. The next day, he walks into the same clinic, goes up to the receptionist's desk, and very loudly says, "I GOT A PROBLEM WITH MY EAR!" The nurse asks "what seems to be the problem?" Just as loud as before yells "I CAN'T PISS OUT OF IT!"
well this is awkward... Three men were sent up to heaven because they died. Jesus met them up there and said, "I see that you three have died. Tell me how you all met your death." The first man said, "Well I was working at the office like any other day, when my boss gave me the rest of the day off. I came home, and my wife laid naked in my bed. She was shocked to see me home so early, and I thought she was having sex with another man. I searched the whole apartment for the man, but couldn't find him. I got so angry I just threw the refrigerator out the window. Then I must have had a heart attack and then died." The second man said, "WHAT?! I was walking down the sidewalk with my dog, and this huge refrigerator fell on me and I was squished!" "And how did you die?" Jesus said to the third man. The third man said, "I was hiding in a refrigerator when someone threw it out the window."
A woman pregnant with triplets gets shot with three bullets to her womb. Miraculously she and all her children survived. However, a bullet had embedded in each of the three children. The doctor decided it would be best to leave the bullets. A few months later she gives birth to two beautiful daughters and a son, with no health complication. ~~~13 years later ~~~ The mother had decided that it would be best for the children if she never told them about the shooting. One day when one of her daughters was using the washroom she peed out the bullet. She freaked out and ran to her mother, "Mom, mom I was just using the washroom and I peed out a bullet, what is going on?!" And the mom decided it was time to come clean. "I was shot 13 years ago, and a bullet has embedded in you and your brother and sister..." A few days later her other daughter comes running "Mom, mom I was just using the washroom and I peed out a bullet, what is going on?!" and the mother responded "I was shot 13 years ago, and a bullet has embedded in you and your brother and sister..." A few days, not to the mothers surprise her son came running "Mom, mom..." "Wait, let me guess" , interrupted the mother, "you were using the washroom and you peed out a bullet?" "No, I was jerking off and I shot the dog!"
Why did the blonde have bruises around her belly button? Because blonde guys are stupid too.
Whats the difference between Batman and a Blackman? Batman can go into a store without robin....
What's the difference between jelly and jam? Well you can jelly your cock up her ass!
I like my coffee like I like my women... ...in two enormous cups.
Did you hear what happened after an Iranian mullah walked head-first into an airplane propeller? The shi'ite really hit the fan.
I once knew an Asian lady with one leg... Her name was Irene.
What's the difference between sex and conversation? You don't know? Well let's go have a discussion...
I got some weed and hoes. Let's do some gardening!
Mr. Ed, the talking horse, ... walks into a children's burn ward dressed as a fireman and he yells, "Sorry I'm Late." The Nurse overseeing the ward cries out, "What a jackass!" Mr. Ed responds, "Lady, I ain't no jackass! I'm a fuckin' horse!"
How to fix a cross-eyed bull... A man on a farm had a bull who went cross eyed one day. He didn't know what to do so he decided he would call the local vet. The vet went down to the farm and said "Ah! No problem, I know just what to do." He went to his truck and got a long pipe. He then inserted that pipe into the bull's ass and blew really hard. The man was amazed to see the bull's eyes go back to normal. "See there you have it, all back to normal, that'll be $150." The farmer paid the vet and was happy his bull was back to normal. A week goes by and the man notices the bull has gone cross eyed again. Well instead of paying $150, he decided he would just grab a pipe and do the same thing he saw the vet do. So he grabs a pipe, shoves it up the bull's ass, and blows really hard but to no avail. Reluctantly he calls the vet and asks him to come over. The vet comes by and the farmer says "Look, I did just what you did but it's not working." He blows into the pipe that's up the bull's ass and shows the vet it doesn't work. The vet walks over and takes the pipe out of the bull's ass, turns it around and sticks the other end into the bull's ass. "Whoa, what're you doing?!" to which the vet replies. "Are you kidding me, that end was in your mouth, I'm not putting my mouth on that!"
Joke I wrote recently The 1964 whimsical Disney musical film "Mary Poppins" was a big hit with families, and was very well received by critics. However, there was one group that wasn't laughing and singing along. The Icelandic Satanist Party protested the jovial and innocuous use of the word "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious," which, they felt, sounded suspiciously similar to their motto "Soopirkalufraijalistikekspialadushis", which means "Evil Shall Reign Supreme" in Icelandic. Party representative Bjorn Smejlson was aghast and told reporters: "How do you expect people to take us seriously now that our macabre motto will be associated with such silly rubbish-- especially with elections coming up this year."
There are 10 types on people in the world Those that understand binary code and those that don't.
What do you call bears without ears? B.
A decides to go hunting He asks his wife to pack his bag for him and fetch him the shotgun. A short while later his wife returns with the goods, telling him she will be going to town later on and the part ways. Out in the woods the man suddenly spots the biggest buck he'd ever seen, he ruffles through his bag, looking for shells but when he takes his hand out: tampons... Furious he races home and waits for his wife. When she gets home he explains what happened. For a minute the wife looks puzzled, then with a shock tells him that she thought it was weird when she sneezed at the busstop and the guy behind her dropped dead. Sorry for my english/wording. I hope it doenst ruin the joke!
Create a Joke (a chance to create some OC) I feel like I have all the raw materials for a good joke, I just want to see if you guys can help polish it, or make it better. First the materials I'm working with. There are movie theaters that are putting in seating that rumbles, vibrates, shakes, and moves, in order to enhance the movie experience. The brand name of seats that does that around here is D'Box. The seats are notoriously more expensive then regular seating; sometimes as much as double the cost. Just about any chick flick coming out will work in the joke, but the obvious two movies would be Twilight and Fifty Shades of Grey. I'm pretty sure everyone can see where this one is going, so I want to see what you all can come up with. Here are the versions I came up with: - I heard the they were showing the new Twilight at the D'Box theater. (Women set up) Really? (You) Yeah, but they are requiring women to bring their own beach towels to sit on. - I can't believe the prices of movies these days! (Women set up) I know. They are so expensive. (You) It's almost criminal what they are doing at the D'Box theater when they show Fifty Shades of Grey. (Women set up) What are they doing? (You) they are charging women 25 cents a minute. I know these are bad, but the material is there.
Buying aspirin Joe has always had an uncontrollable twitch in his left eyelid since young. Fred has a splitting headache and asks Joe to go get some aspirins. Half an hour later Joe comes back with a dozen packets of condoms. "I asked you to get me aspirins, not condoms." "Yeah, I went to a dozen drug stores, but have you ever tried asking for aspirin with a tic in your eye?"
What do you call an exploding ape? A baboom.
Blowing Bubbles There is this door in an ally. Three guys walk out of it. A curious man asked the first guy," what were you doing in there"? The man answered "I was blowing bubbles" The curious man asks the second guy what he was doing, and the man answered, "I was blowing bubbles". Then the curious man said, "Let me guess, you were blowing bubbles". Then the last guy said," What the fuck are you talking about I am bubbles."
A trucker walks into a whore house... A trucker walks into a whore house and walks over to speak to madam. The trucker says "I will give you $500 for your nastiest whore and a bologna sandwich." The madam, confused, replies "For $500 you could have our best whore and a steak dinner"...the trucker laughs a little and says "Oh, it's not about the money, ma'am, I just miss my wife."
Why shouldn't you put a baby in the microwave? Because you get better results from slowly roasting it in the oven.
Two blondes go hiking. Two blondes go hiking and come across some tracks. The first blonde stops and says they are wolf tracks, while the second blonde says they are bear tracks. After an hour of arguing the train runs them over.
It was summer and a bit too warm, so two guys decided to go out for a nice motorcycle ride. The guy who was driving decided to speed up a little, and soon he was doing about 30 miles per hour. It felt good but he wanted to see how his pal was doing, so he turned around to get a good look. Contrary to himself who was enjoying the nice breeze, his friend was still sweating like crazy. Well I guess I could go a little faster, he thought to himself and accelerated till about 50. "Feels better now, huh?" said he as he looked back once again, but weirdly enough his friend was still pretty red-faced and sweaty. "All right, maybe this will help ya" when the engine started revving again, his friend shouted: "Hold on a sec asshole, I haven't got on yet!"
Who granted the fish's wish? Fairy codmother
Funny Blonde joke A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
Why is there no aspirin in the jungle? Because the paracetemol.
What happened to the clock that was still hungry? It went back 4 seconds.
What's good on pie, but not on pussy? Crust.
I was reading my emails... The other day I was reading my emails and there was one from my boss, it said; "Mr. Morgan I regret to inform you that although I thought this company could tolerate your ADD, I'm afraid you're just not productive enough. You may turn up Wednesday to collect your things. I sincerely hope you will be OK." And I thought to myself, doesn't OK look like a sideways person?
I heard Lincoln is doing well in theaters Traditionally, this has not been true.
Stoner joke with animals, always been a favorite of mine. So monkey is sitting in a tree, sparks up a fatty joint. As he's enjoying his rolled handiwork mr lizard comes by an says "shit dude that smells delicious, mind if I join ya?" Monkey replies "No of course not, come on up man." So lizard and monkey sit an smoke for a bit; but this is quite a hefty J so lizard says he needs to tap out real quick and go get some water from the stream, cotton mouth aint nothin to fuck with after all. So lizard crawls down to the stream bank and leans over to start drinking. Lizard, however, is at a [10] already and a little stumbly. He promptly falls into the fast flowing water and is nearly swept away to his inevitable demise. Fortunately Alligator sees him and comes to the rescue sweeping him onto his back and swimming him to shore. When he drops lizard off back on the ground he asks him "Dude wtf are you doing?! You cant swim you almost died.." Lizard quickly replies "Thanks for savin me dude, I was gettin some water to drink an I fell in cuz monkey got me crazy stoned. Hes blazing some serious dank over in the trees, smoked me down fat." Now Alligator likes what he's hearin an heads over to check this situation out. He spots Monkey quickly, still up in the tree blazin away, and calls up to him "Hey man any chance theres any of that left to share?" Monkey looks down confused and yells back "Holy shit lizard how much water did you drink?!?"
"How do you like your eggs?" "I like 'em just fine"
What does a dyslexic tiger and a bus driver have in common? A bus driver can't change his stops.
I'm going to name my daughter "Up"... so when she brings a boy home, I can look him straight in the eye and say, "Don't you dare fuck up."
How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool? Say, " Everyone out of the pool please."
Finding condoms Three moms were talking about their daughters over coffee one afternoon. Mom 1 says, "I was putting laundry in my daughters dresser and found a bottle of vodka! And I didn't even know she drinks!" Mom 2 says, "Well I was cleaning out my daughters closet and found a pack of cigarettes! And I didn't even know she smokes!" Mom 3 says, "I was cleaning under my daughters bed and found a box of condoms! And I didn't even know she had a dick!"
How do you tell if you have a high sperm count. She chews before she swallows.
r/jokes So with the same jokes coming up so often, r/jokers have established a system whereby the most popular jokes are given a number. Rather than typing the joke in, you just type in the number. With this in mind, I created a post entitled "1057", and started getting massive karma. "That's hilarious", someone commented, "we hadn't heard that one before".
An American decides to get rich quick... By suing bus companies. So, he goes to a bus station, and when the bus arrives he sticks his leg out so it gets runs over. He spends 6 weeks in hospital and is given $10,000 in reparations. When he gets out, he goes to a different state and does the same thing, but this time with the other leg. This time he spends 8 weeks in hospital and gets $20,000 in reparations. When he gets out, he decides that people in the US will get suspicious if he keeps getting run over, so he travels to England. There he goes to the first bus stop he can find, sticks his leg out, and dies of pneumonia.
Hunting in Montana Bubba was talking to his friend Carl in Montana. He asked Carl how he liked living in such a rural area. Carl replied "Oh, it's kinda boring. All I do is hunt and fuck." Bubba says "Well, what do ya hunt?" Carl replied "Something to fuck!" (bah-dum-duh-tshh)
three daughters There was this dad that was an owner of a morgue that had three daughters. The dad went and picked up this guy from a heart attack. The dad told the three girls that they needed to fix and prep him for tomorrow. Well the first girl got a look at him and said he was a really charming looking guy. She pulled back his sheet and noticed he had a hard on. She thought to herself the only way to get this down was to "ride" him. So without hesitation she jumped on and rode him for thirty or so minutes. Tired and worn out and the guy still being hard the second sister jumps up and starts riding him really hard. For about thirty minutes she gets worn out. They both look at the third girl and ask her to ride him now. She looked at them and told them she couldn't because she was on her period. They both said it didn't matter because he was dead. So she hopped on rode him for another thirty minutes. Finally his hard on went down and all three girls started cheering. The guy Sat up and looked at all three girls. They asked him how he was alive. He replied well after two jump starts and blood fusion I'm alive.
Why did the Afgahni get burnt lips? Because he tried to blow up a bus.
A man goes to the doctor..... ..... he tells him: doctor, I have a burning sensation in my penis and it won't go away. I have tried everything. What should I do? The doctor tells him: let me examine it. The doctor examines his penis and eventually tells him that there is an infection in his penis, and that they need to cut his penis off before the infection spreads any further, and that this is his only solution. The man furious about the diagnosis, refuses to do the operation. He goes to another doctor hoping for a different solution to his problem. But the second doctor tells him exactly the same thing as the first. Frustrated and depressed the man goes home and doesn't leave for days. Eventually one of his friends tells him about a doctor that heals with herbs and creams and doesn't believe in operations. So he won't tell him to operate to cut his penis off. Believing he has nothing to lose, the man goes to this doctor and explains his situation. The doctor examines him and says to him: don't worry just drink this herb 2 times a day and rub this cream on your penis and come back in a week. Amazed, the man asks the doctor: so no operations? The doctor smiles and says no. The man goes back home and drinks the herbs and rubs the cream, and for the first time is days, he doesn't feel a burning sensation in his penis. The next week the man goes back to the doctor smiling and tells him: I have been relaxed for the last week with no burning sensation, I can't believe it. So are you sure you don't have to operate to cut it off? The doctor replies: oh no, in two days it will fall on its own
-i am going to hell for this "That's a sexy little outfit you're wearing," I said. "I bet you want my cock in you." "Dave," my wife said, "do you know I can hear you on the baby monitor?"
Why was the black kid scared when he had diarrhea? He thought he was melting.
My Dad used to tell this Joke: The Three Boys There once were three boys who were always told to never go into a big shack on the edge of the woods, so they did what most boys would do and went to it as soon as they could. They go inside and see only useless so junk they turn around to leave when they see the door close and a large man stand in front of it. All the boys were quickly tied up and the man says... "Listen boys, this is gonna be fun. I'm about to cut all your dicks off, but I'm gonna do it by the way your dad makes a living." The 1st boy who is confused utters... "But my dad is a butcher..." So the man looks through the pile of junk in the shed and pulls out a butcher's knife and swiftly cuts the 1st boys dick off. The 2nd boy says... "My dad is a lumberjack..." So the man finds a chainsaw and the same fate befalls the 2nd boy. By now the 3rd boy could be heard laughing from the corner of the shed. The man says... "What the hell is so funny boy, you're next!" "I know, sir", the boy says," but my daddy is a lollipop maker, you gotta lick mine off!"
An old lady gets into an accident with a midget... ...he gets out of the car, obviously furious, and stomps toward the old woman. "I am *not* happy," he growls. The old woman, calm as can be, says: "Well, which one are you, then?"
What a dumb blonde... wait... *Blonde goes into a bank Blonde: I need a loan for $5,000. Bank-teller: We'll need some sort of deposit. Blonde: Ok, here's the keys to my car (Mercedes-Benz S600) *Blonde leaves Bank-teller(laughing): She's so stupid! Leaving a $100,000 car as a deposit for a $5,000 loan. *Bank-teller parks car in secret underground parking garage. Then he does research on the blonde and finds out she's a multimillionaire. Bank-teller: She's an idiot! Why would she borrow $5,000 if she's a multimillionaire? *Two weeks later *Blonde comes back and pays bank-teller $5,000 with $15.41 interest Bank-teller: Why would you borrow $5,000 and leave an expensive car here if you're a multimillionaire? Blonde: Where else in New York City can you park a $100,000 car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it not to get stolen? *Edit: 1) This is a joke, it's supposed to make you laugh. I'm sorry if the information isn't 100% correct. 2) Yes, this is a modified repost :P
Vodka Christmas Cake recipe Once again this year, I've had requests for my Vodka Christmas Cake recipe so here goes. Please keep in your files as I am beginning to get tired of typing this up every year! (Made mine this morning!!!!) 1 cup sugar 1 tsp. baking powder 1 cup water 1 tsp. salt 1 cup brown sugar Lemon juice 4 large eggs Nuts 2 cups dried fruit 1 bottle Vodka Sample a cup of Vodka to check quality. Take a large bowl, check the Vodka again to be sure it is of the highest quality then Repeat. Turn on the electric mixer. Beat one cup of butter in a large fluffy bowl. Add 1 teaspoon of sugar. Beat again. At this point, it is best to make sure the Vodka is still OK. Try another cup just in case. Turn off the mixerer thingy. Break 2 eegs and add to the bowl and chuck in the cup of dried fruit. Pick the fruit up off the floor, wash it and put it in the bowl a piece at a time trying to count it. Mix on the turner. If the fried druit getas stuck in the beaterers, just pry it loose with a drewscriver Sample the Vodka to test for tonsisticity. Next, sift 2 cups of salt, or something. Check the Vodka. Now shit shift the lemon juice and strain your nuts. Add one table. Add a spoon of sugar, or somefink. Whatever you can find. Greash the oven. Turn the cake tin 360 degrees and try not to fall over. Don't forget to beat off the turner. Finally, throw the bowl through the window. Finish the Vodka and wipe the counter with the cat.
Scientists have found out what a woman wants. But she had already changed her mind.
What's long and hard? The sock under my bed.
so there was once a wife who cheats her husband There was a wife who cheats her husband with her black lover, whenever her husband leaves to work, she invites him over and fuck like there's no tomorrow, one day her husband came unexpectedly earlier from work because he forgot some papers so she hid her lover in the closet, before leaving her husband wanted to change his clothes he opened the closet and asked his wife who's that in the dark closet ? she answered it's the Closet Genie just rub its organ and it will give you whatever you want, so he rubbed it and asked for his pants, the black guy delivered, he asked for socks, he got them and he kept rubbing for more demands, suddenly.. the black guys couldn't hold it and jizzed in the husband's hands so the husband said "how nice, it gives hair Gel too !!"
I came back from holiday in India with a really heavy case of diarrhea... ...but they wouldn't let me take it through customs.
Fred Comes Of Age 65 year old Fred was out having drinks with some old mates one Saturday night when the conversation turning to sex. The old men began discussing the best blowjobs they had experienced, when Fred sheepishly admitted that he`d never received one. "Not even once during 40 years of marriage?" his friends asked. Fred then explained that his wife had always believed that he would no longer respect her if she were to ever give him a blowjob. His friends thought that this reasoning was hilarious and ribbed Fred about it for the rest of the evening. They even sang a song for him, "Poor Fred. Poor Fred. His wife`s never given him head." Fred returned home that night feeling ashamed. His friends were right; 40 years of marriage without a single blowjob. The next morning he begged his wife to give his knob a quick polish before breakfast, but he got the same old response; "You wouldn`t respect me if I gave you a blowjob." This time, however, Fred was determined not to take no for an answer. He used every strategy that he knew to convince his wife that he would never lose respect for her. Finally, his wife got down under the covers and performed fellatio on Fred. She did a wonderful job and Fred came and she swallowed. Just after she came up for air the phone started ringing. "Do you mind getting that?" she asked. "I have to go and rinse my mouth out." To which Fred replied, "No fucking way. Answer it yourself you dirty old cocksucker."
There's only 3 blonde jokes... The rest are true stories.
A doctor, a midget, a monk and an indian is at a bar when ... ... a blonde suddenly walks in. M. Night Shyamalan shouts "Cut!". The blonde fainted.
A man was meeting a girlfriend somewhere... And she said: "is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?" He replied: "Either way, we're having sex tonight"
Two Thai girls... Two Thai girls asked me if I'd like to go bed with them, they said it would be just like winning the lotto! I agreed, and they were right. We all stripped off and to my horror, we had six matching balls!
What's the worst part about eating vegetables? Swallowing the wheelchair.
[Irish] On the run After a high speed chase the guards finally managed to stop Paddy. Well Paddy said the guard, give me one good reason why i shouldn't throw the book at you? My wife ran off with a guard last week says Paddy and i thought you were trying to bring her back.
What does a sick ninja practice? kung flu
So I flushed my extra viagra down the toilet... I haven't been able to close the lid in weeks.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
So a seal walks into a club...
What did the hamburger name his daughter? Patty
Racism is criminal. So I was at work, talking about how the black people are always late in the morning. My boss look at me and says "you're racist." I tell him there is no way I am a racist. Racism is a crime, and crime is for niggers.
A moth goes into an optometrist's office... "Come in," says the optometrist, "What's the problem?" The moth drops down into the nearest chair and says "What's the problem? I don't even know where to start. First of all, my boss is a vicious tyrant who gets off on the petty torments he puts me through day in and day out, and I'm too spineless to stand up to him, so I just take it and I've gradually come to hate myself for it. Also, every morning I wake up to the same prune-face old crone to whom I pledged my vows so many years ago. I used to love her, but that love has become like some sun-festering beached whale trying to die. We lost our daughter last year to one of the bitterest, coldest winters we've ever had to face in this region. Isn't it funny, doc, how all the prayer circles and charity drives in the world amount to pretty much nothing in the face of that cold, impartial face of winter, that bleak, pounding, harsh fist of a callous environment, carrying on with its machinations without regard to our lives, loves, hopes and dreams? Isn't that hysterical, Doc? Oh and then there's my son. Doc, I don't love him anymore. I don't know what it is but I look in his eyes and I see that same harried look of gutless cowardice that I see when I stare at my own face in the mirror. If I wasn't such a coward, Doc, I know I'd be able to scrape together enough pride to grab that cocked and loaded shotgun I keep by the bedside table, and just run amok and put an end to this grim facade once and for all. I start with the wife, then the boy of course before putting the barrel in my own mouth. Believe you me, Doc, I'd be doing the world a favor. I have nothing to look forward to but a continuation of this spiraling black hole that is my life, this existential cesspool that is the perpetuation of my lingering skid-mark on society. I despise people yet I crave their approval. I'm judgemental yet I care about nothing. I'm bitter, hateful and afraid. I'm alive yet I feel like the walking dead. This is it, Doc: I am a living, breathing, disease." The doctor stares at him for a while then finally says "Moth, you definitely have some serious problems. But I'm an optometrist. You need a psychiatrist. Why'd you come in here?" The moth says,"The light was on."
Who was the fattest Renaissance painter? Donutello * I love pun jokes give me some more
You got the whitest teeth ever come across.
What do you call it when many people drown in Berlin? A killing Spree.
Short comical narrative I wrote The detective's heels clicked on the cement steps as he approached the door. The deputy ducked under the police line behind him. He knocked and the door was slowly opened by the woman. The blue and red lights were reflected in her wet eyes. "Mrs. Johnson?" He asked. "Yes. . . ?" The woman replies. "Detective White." He held up his polished badge. "Oh, come in." She stepped aside. Several officers standing in the kitchen nodded to the detective as he entered, the deputy trailing behind. "Smith, fill me in." He said, turning to one of the officers. "Madison Johnson, fifteen years of age, found nine hours dead at 9 am this morning in her bed, cause of death unknown." "Alright, let' see her room." The group shuffled up the stairs and into the dark room strewn with clothes. A desktop hummed in the corner. "Mrs. Johnson?" The detective turned to the anxious woman. "Yes?" "What was your daughter doing the night before this happened?" "Well, she got home from school, ate dinner, sat at her computer for a while and then went to sleep." "Her computer. . ." White walked over to the computer and moved the mouse. The monitor woke up, displaying the girl's email on the screen. The detective sat down, and read several emails. His eyes darted across the screen for some painfully long minutes, before he turned in the swiveling chair to the rest of the team with a grave face. "Mrs. Johnson, I don't know how to easily explain this to you. . ." "Yes. . . ?" "At approximately 10 pm last night, your daughter failed to forward a chain email." The deputy fainted.
It's game 7 of the Stanley Cup, and a man who is a major hockey buff managed to score a ticket. Granted, it was in the worst seat possible, but he was still happy. As he's watching the game, he notices that a seat in the front row is vacant. He assumes someone is in the bathroom. "I'd hate to pay that much for a ticket and spend the whole time taking a piss," thought the man. After 15 minutes, the seat is still empty. The man goes up to the front and sees an old man sitting in the seat next to it. "Excuse me, sir, is someone sitting here?" The old man replies "No, it was for my wife, but she's not with us anymore. We've been coming to the Stanley Cup together for 15 years, and this is my first one without her. Sit down if you'd like." The man is feels bad for the old man, but *he did* offer, so the man sits down. After a few minutes he says "Sir, sorry to bother you, but this is an amazing seat. Was there nobody you could've taken instead of your wife? A friend? A child?" The old man shakes his head. "No. They're all at the funeral."
red hot chili peppers joke (original) So Anthony Kiedis is hanging out at Flea's house. Flea says he's having trouble hooking up his VCR to his TV and he asks Anthony to take a look at it, to see if he can find the problem. Anthony gets up and takes a look behind the TV at the wires and cables and whatnot. "I think the problem could be with the power plug" - says Flea, from the couch After a minute Anthony looks up and points to the scart cable. "No man, the plug ain't the problem, there's an issue with the scart." Anthony says, "It looks faulty, don't touch it, it could be dangerous" Flea gets up and walks to the TV, laughing. "Relax, would ya? I know how to fix my own damn tv......you're a fuckin' wuss, man......." says Flea, shaking his head ".......an issue with the scart......." mutters Flea, mimicking Anthony Flea bent down to pick up the scart. "Nooooo!" shouts Anthony, but it was too late. Flea flew across the room as a powerful electric current shot through his body. His inanimate body lay there, he was dead. As a tear rolled down his cheek, Anthony looked down at his friend. Anthony closed his dead friend's eyes with his fingers, kissed him gently on the forehead and began to speak. "Scart issue that I wish you saw....... Sarcastic Mr know-it-all.........."
The Thai Girl One day, I decided to take a bus to work for a change. Seated across the aisle from me was a beuatiful thai girl. I thought to myself, "please don't get an erection". But she did.
What did the redneck say after his girlfriend swallowed? You gots the purdiest tooth I ever comed across, Sis.
Why doesnt justin bieber shop at Sports Authority? Cause he prefers Dicks.
The best underwear jokes.... are brief.
What's the difference between a racist joke and a sexist joke? Racist jokes are offensive.
true meaning of duck tape duck tape turns a no no no to a hmm hmm hmm
Sneezing A woman boards an airplane, and is seated next to a fairly unremarkable man. After she has sat down, she notices that he has a giant duffel bag stuffed with Kleenex sitting between his legs. Suddenly, the man appears as though he is about to sneeze. He breathes in sharply a few times, and quickly grabs a handful of tissues and stuffs them down his pants, before sneezing into another right after. "Whatever was that for?" The woman asks, surprised. "Well," the man says, "I have a rather unique condition. Whenever I sneeze, it triggers an instantaneous orgasm. I can't control it, so I just carry this around with me in case of emergency. I do have some medicine to help me, though." "You poor man!" The woman exclaims, "What do you take for such a condition?" The man replies, "Pepper!"
Helium walks into a bar, where he sees Argon, Krypton, and Neon sitting at a table. They cast dirty looks in his direction. Neon stands up and shouts across the bar, "Get your ass out of here! You don't deserve to be a noble gas, and they won't serve your kind here!" Helium does not react.
Headline A man wanted to kill his wife, so he got a hold of a notorious assassin named Arty. The man tells the assassin that his brunette wife shops at the market every Thursday afternoon wearing the same leopard print coat. Since Arty really just enjoyed assassinated people for the fun of it, he only charged the man what he could afford, five dollars. The next Thursday, Arty stakes out the small market until he spots a brunette woman walk in wearing a leopard coat. He sneaks up behind her while she is in the back corner of the market, and wraps his hands around her neck until she is dead. Nobody sees him, and he is about to walk out, when another brunette woman walks in wearing a similar leopard print top. To be safe, he walks up to her and strangles her as well. A stock boy see this and alerts the police, who apprehend Arty. He confesses the entire plan, the husband is arrested, and the next day the newspaper reads: "Arty Chokes at the Market, 2 for $5"
I'd like to tell you a joke about paper... but it's tearable.
So there were these two sisters.. a blonde and a brunette. The brunette goes to her sister and says "I just fucked a brazilian!" The blonde replies "You slut! How many more is that than a million?"
The guy who developed Fractals.. The guy who developed fractals was Benoit B Mandelbrot, I heard the 'B' stood for 'Benoit B Mandelbrot'
/r/jokes, I have a belief that EVERYTHING bad or upsetting can be improved with humor. Do you have any chemotherapy jokes for me? I am a 15yo guy, she is a 17yo girl who has a nonsmokers lung cancer. Any positive or uplifting jokes will be appreciated.
Did you hear about the condom that flew across the bedroom? It was PISSED OFF!
How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant? Marry her.
- Congratulations, my boy! - Says the uncle to the nephew who is getting married the next day. - I'm sure a couple of years from now, you will remind of this day as the happiest day of your life! - But I'm only getting married tomorrow - responds the neph
I'd tell you my Jim Jones joke... But the punch line is too long.
Pinnochio has a big frown on his face... Pinocchio has a big frown on his face and Gepetto asks him what's wrong. Pinocchio tell him that his girlfriend has stopped having sex with him on account of the splinters she keeps getting. Gepetto thinks about this for a little while and comes up with an idea. He hands Pinocchio a sheet of sandpaper and tells him that he can use it to get rid of splinters. The next day, Pinocchio walks in with a huge smile on his face. Gepetto notices and asks "Did your girlfriend like the new, smoother you?" Pinocchio responds "Who needs a girlfriend?"
An orchestra one-liner I popped off my g-string while fingering a minor
What do you call a man, with no arms or legs, in the middle of the ocean? fucked
Most offensive joke I know Why are dollars green? Because jews collect them before they ripen.
When is a single gay man's favorite time of the day? When he takes a shit.
A sadist and a masochist... ....are looking for pleasure. The masochist says, "Hurt me". The sadist says, "No".
Did you hear about the man with no arms or legs that swam the English channel? What a cleverdick...
Being bald It means you went back to your roots.
What did the dick say to the condom? Cover me, I'm going in.
I'm a paranoid narcissist... I'm afraid no one's out to get me!
Two chemists walk into a bar... The first one says, "I'll have some H2O." The second one says, "I'll have some water too. What's the point of ordering it like that? We aren't at work." The first chemist excuses himself and cries in the bathroom, because his assassination plot had failed.
What happens when memes get lose? (   )
Aerosmith According to fellow band members, Aerosmith's Steven Tyler handles a pen very femininely. Rumour has it he doodles like a lady.
What do you call a black man selling drugs? A pharmacist, you racist.
Whats black, big, and smelly? An unemployment line.(:
What is the difference between an Eskimo and a eunuch? One is a frigid midget with a rigid digit, the other is a massive vassal with a passive tassel (found this in Horace's Satires)
6.9 what is 6.9? a really great thing ruined by a period
I shot a turkey for the first time today... Scared the shit out of everyone in the frozen foods section.
Have any of you realized that the self checkout has the sexiest cashier's?
Three guys go to a ski lodge... Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms, so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!" The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny, I dreamed I was skiing!"
What's the difference between Bono and God? God doesn't walk around Dublin pretending he's Bono
What do you call... What do you call a lifeguard who can't swim? Wade. What do you call an Irish guy who hangs out on your lawn? Patty O'Furniture What do you call a Chinese guy who works at Foot Locker? Tai Mai Shu What do you call a Chinese guy with one testicle bigger than the other? Won Hung Lo What do you call two guys at the top of a window? Curt n' Rod What do you call a woman with a wooden leg? Eileen What do you call an Asian woman with a wooden leg? Irene Where does she work? IHOP
My teacher called me into her office today. She totally wants my D To go up to a C.
I like my women like I like my coffee. Without a penis.
Check up. So a guy goes to the doctor to get his check up. He gets in there and the doctors looking him over and says "you're going to have to stop pleasuring yourself" and the man asks why? The doctor replies "because I'm trying to examine you".
Happy Anniversary! Husband- Happy Anniversary honey! Husband- I was just remembering how happy we were 30 yrs ago. Wife- You idiot, we did not know each other 30 years ago. Husband- That's why we were so happy!
Classic NZ joke. An Australian gets off the plane after touching down in New Zealand, first thing he sees is a Kiwi absolutely ramming a sheep up the arse. Disgusted, the Australian tries to offer some advice, "Mate, where I'm from, we shear our sheep." The kiwi bleats back, "Shear my sheep?! I ain't shearin' my sheep wuth innyone!"
4 big companies after me John: Boss, I think you should give me a big pay raise, because I have four big companies that are after me. Boss: And what four companies would be after a guy like you? John: Well, light, gas, cable and telephone company!
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? neither have they...
Before and After Matrimony (Before Matrimony) 1) Him: Yes! Finally! The wait was real hard! 2) Her: Do you want to leave me? 3) Him: No, don't even think it. 4) Her: Do you love me? 5) Him: Of course 6) Her: Have you cheated on me? 7) Him: Noo! How dare you ask me that? 8) Her: Would you kiss me? 9) Him: On every opportunity I have 10)Her: Would you hit me? 11)Him: Are you crazy! Not that type of person 12)Her: Can I count on you? 13)Him: Yes 14)Her: My Love! (After Matrimony: Now Read From 14 to 1)
What did the black kid get on his SATs? BBQ sauce.
Yo mamma's so fat... The reserve bank bailed her out, cause she was too big to fail.
How do you know when it's raining cats and dogs... you step in a poodle
A senior nun walks in on an novice... ... who was vigourously masturbating with a cob of corn. The Mother Superior says: "That's disgusting! I was going to eat that, and you know I hate the taste of corn!"
My first blonde one.. A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
What's the best thing about 23 year olds? There's 20 of them.
A elderly man stops a car in a deserted highway holding a shotgun. The person driving the car pulls to a halt and stepped out with his hands raised. It was already 2am and it was completely dark. The old man ask him to unzip his own pants and release his penis. The driver was shocked and did so fearing whats he gonna do. The old man asked the driver to jerk himself and started munching a sandwich that he had brought. The guy was confused but was a bit relieved as he had expected something worse. He came in a minute and was panting heavily. The old man held the shot gun to the drivers face and asked him to do it again. The driver was paranoid and asked the old man 'why are you making me do this'. The old man pressed the shotgun to his fore head and said 'do as I say'. The driver simply complied as he had a gun pointed to his face. This time it took a few minutes for him to finish his business. The old man asked him to do it again and again and the fifth time the driver was really exhausted and he hardly got an erection. He tried his best to make his dick erect but failed miserably. The driver fell on his knees and started begging the old man 'I am completely exhausted, I can't do this anymore'. He crept on his knees and fetched the old man legs and started crying. The old man let out a wide smile and called 'Becky, come out'. A gorgeous young lady stepped out of a bush and approached the old man. The old man looked at the driver down on his knees and said 'Now, drop my granddaughter at the town'.
Family breakfast (NSFW) In the morning, the whole family is eating breakfast, but at some point the wife gets horny, and winks to her husband. She excuses herself saying that she's not hungry, and that she will be upstairs to get some rest. The husband follows her to the bedroom, and they start having wild sex. The children, still at the tablet, don't understand what's really going on, so they send little Billy to check up on their parents. After a couple of minutes, he comes back, and starts eating like he hasn't seen food for a week. Intrigued, his brothers ask him, what's wrong? What did you see? Little Billy, still trying to catch his breath and east at the same time, says: "Eat faster because dad is fucking those who aren't hungry!"
The difference between 'Complete' and 'Finished' When you marry the right girl, you are complete. When you marry the wrong girl, you are finished. And when the right girl catches you with the wrong girl, you are completely finished!
When two gay men get married, whose parents pay for the wedding? Neither, because they're both ashamed of their children's disgusting and sinful lifestyle choices.
I don't smoke, I don't drink, and I don't curse... god damn it - I left my cigarettes at the bar!!
To all of the dyslexic population of Reddit: **UNTIE**
What type of Bees provide millk? Boobees (boobies)
There are 10 kinds of people in this world... those who understand binary and those who don't.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for Fresh Prints.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? Because his wife is dead.
What do you call a dog with no legs and metal balls? Sparky.
How do you get a redneck to give a dog a blowjob? Dip the dog's dick in ranch dressing.
Lost dog. Missing: Three-legged dog. Distinguishing feature: Falls over when it pisses.
I was going to cover my bathroom floor with dead baby skin... My wife told be that would be infant tile.
Known around town There once was a tired old gent who stumbled into his local tavern. The man takes a seat at the bar with his shoulders hanging low and a frown on his face. "Mick, what is wrong with ya?" asks the bartender. "Ay, I don' know Charlie..." the man takes a sip from the beer that is set before him. "I'm well liked in town, aren't I?" "Ay, that you are Mick." "I built all the roads in this town, Charlie." "We know Mick, and we thank you for it." "I built all the bridges in town." "We know Mick, and we thank you for it." "I even built all the beautiful churches in our town!" "They are beautiful Mick, and our town loves them all." Mick takes another swig from his glass, "But you fuck one goat..."
I wish everyone would stop criticising Jimmy Savile. When I was 9, he fixed it for me to milk a cow blindfolded.
Make the little things count... teach midgets arithmetic.
Discovering heaven... John is on his way to his home after a hard day of work. After a few minutes of walking he sees a rope coming down from the shy. He's curious and climbs it. When he's at the top, he notices St. Petrus, who is waiting at the gate to heaven. "So another dead man?" he says. "No" answers John "I just saw a rope that was coming down from the sky and climbed it. Would you mind if I take a quick look around the place?" "Not at all, but you have to get back here before 17.00h, because then I take the rope back and there is no way back" After some time in heaven, John notices that it's 17.15h. He runs as fast as he can to the gate, just in time to see how Petrus stores the rope back. "You fool! Now you can't go back!" "Isn't there no other way" asks John in fear. "Well, I could change you into a spider, so you could weave your way back to earth, and when you get back on the ground you will change again into a human being" So John accepts this... After a while he's nearly back on earth, but with 30 metres left, he can't go any further. With some hard work he manages to get down 5 more metres and... JOHN! WAKE UP! YOU'RE SHITTING ALL OVER THE BED!
Muck Fichigan There are an Ohio State fan, Michigan fan, and Penn State fan that all find themselves lost in a desert in the middle east. Finally after many hours of wandering around, they happen upon giant palace. Before they can make it up to the entrance, the guards capture them and take them down to the dungeon. After a little while the Prince comes down and begins to explain to them why they are here. He says that in his culture, trespassing is an offense punishable by 100 lashings directly on the back. He understands that they had no idea, so offers them each one wish before continuing, the only stipulation is that they may not ask for less lashings, or none at all. He starts with the Penn State fan. After thinking for a while the Penn State fan asks for a pillow to be harnessed to his back. The guards retrieve a pillow and place it on his back before beginning the lashings. The pillow only softened the blow for 25 lashings before breaking. He receives 75 brutal blows to the back. Now the Michigan fan being as smart as he is does some mental math. If the pillow lasts for 25 lashings, and 25x3=100, then he needs 3 pillows on his back to avoid excruciating pain. He asks for 3 pillows and the guards retrieve them before beginning. Obviously we can all see his mistake, and he takes 25 lashings directly to his back, not nearly as bad as the Penn State fan. The Prince, being as enlightened as he is, notices that the Ohio State fan. He says that Ohio State has The Best Damn Band in The Land, as well as the best football team. He says that he will grant the Ohio State fan two wishes before proceeding with the lashings. The Ohio State fan thinks for a minute then says, "I believe you are going a little light on us, we did break your laws after all. I think I will take 200 lashings, or any number more for my first wish." The Prince in shock, takes a minute to process this request, finally he agrees. "And for your second wish?" He asks. The Ohio State fan says, "I wish the Michigan fan was tied to my back."
A King has a slutty daughter... (NSFW) who has had sex with practically everyone in the Kingdom. The King's services are needed elsewhere so he has to leave the Kingdom temporarily. Before he leaves he puts his faith in three of his most loyal men. He tells them to protect her and to ensure she doesn't mess around with other guys. For more cautious measures, the King slides a knife into his daughters vagina **and asshole** to ensure a nasty surprise for any man willing to bang her. The King leaves and before you know it he's back from his trip. The King asks for his 3 men to appear in front of him and asks if there were any problems? They all reply, "No". The King then asks for the men to pull their pants down. The first man has a cut on his penis and is escorted away as requested by the King. The second also has a cut and given the same treatment. The third man however has an uncut penis. The King says "Thank you so much for being honest and faithful to me. As King I shall reward you with anything you ask for. What would you like?" The third man replies "Pftpftblublpftp".
A woman says: I'm hot. Lets turn on the Air Conditioner
The Golden Saloon A man came home drunk, and his wife demanded to know where he'd been. "I've been to this amazing bar," he slurred. "It's called the Golden Saloon. Everything there is golden. They've got golden doors, golden floors - they even have a golden urinal!" "I don't believe it," said his wife, but she found a receipt in his pocket the next day and sure enough, at the top it said "The Golden Saloon". So she rang the number. "Is this the Golden Saloon?" "Yes it is," said the bartender. "Do you have golden doors and golden floors?" "Yes." "What about golden urinals?" There was a long silence, then finally she heard the bartender yell in the distance, "Hey Steve, I think I've found out who pissed in your saxophone last night!"
Did you hear about the frog that wasn't good at parking? He had to get toad.
I went to the zoo the other day and the only animal there was a dog. It was a Shih tzu.
Why does nobody like the element Bi? Because he's all up in your bismuth.
Descartes walks into a bar... The bartender asked if he wanted a drink. Descartes said "I think not!" ....and promptly disappeared.
What is brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.
Hope you all aren't too good for knock knock jokes Knock knock. "who's there?" 9/11 "9/11 who?" Wow.. And you said you would never forget.
What did the baker say when he saw the beautiful woman? "I think I'm in loaf." Ba dum, tss.
Who would you save first? Wife asks her husband: Honey, If a lion attacks my mother and I, Who would you save first? Husband: Well, the lion!
What do you call Jewish folk from New Jersey? Orange juice.
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? The headline read "Small medium at large."
What two things should people stop shaking because shaking hurts these things development? Polaroid Integral Film and Babies
two deer walk out of a gay bar one turns to the other and says "man, I can't believe I blew thirty bucks in there."
What do politicians and sperm have in common? About 1 in every 600 million has a chance of becoming a human.
I was gonna tell a joke about a midget giving head but that'd be a low blow.
What do neutrinos and I have in common? We're both constantly penetrating your mom.
Did you hear about the Buddhist that refused Novocaine during his root canal? He wanted to transcend dental medication...
What's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage? Infanticider.
Hey /r/jokes No joke here. Sorry to disappoint. The whole "so and so fainted" shit has to stop. Every damn joke, some asshat in the comments feels the need to say that someone fainted. It's not funny. Sure, I could just skip over the comment. But this has turned into a fucking virus. Let's stop it right now. Something something Jonestown, something something punchline.
What do you call a Mexican that won't get on a scale? A no weigh Jose.
Need a punchline. And.... Go! http://i.imgur.com/t57uK.jpg
Do you know why Dead Baby jokes never get old? Because they die so young.
So I tried using one of those date rape drugs the other night... It turns out its really hard to rape a girl when you're drooling on the floor the room is spinning.
Why was Lisa not able to ride a bike? She was a cat.
What is the worst way to find out you just came into money? via sticky notes
Stevie Wonder is on tour when he turns to one of his roadies and says, "My harmonica isn't working." "What harmonica?" he replies, "You've just sucked the chocolate off the side of my crunchie." http://www.amazon.com/Crunchie-Milk-Chocolate-Honeycomb-Center/dp/B0007U5J40
Sadly I think my family are a bunch of racists. I started dating a black girl recently, so I decided to bring her home to meet the family. The kids wouldn't talk to her and my wife told me to pack my bags and leave.
Ol' Fred had been a religious man who was now at hospital, near death. The family called their preacher to stand with them. As the preacher stood next to the bed, Ol' Fred's condition appeared to deteriorate and he motioned frantically for something to write on. The pastor lovingly handed him a pen and a piece of paper, and Ol' Fred used his last bit of energy to scribble a note, and then he died. The preacher thought it best not to look at the note at that time, so he placed it in his jacket pocket. At the funeral, as he was finishing the message, he realised that he was wearing the same jacket that he was wearing when Ol' Fred died. He said, "You know, Ol' Fred handed me a note just before he died. I haven't looked at it, but knowing Fred, I'm sure there's a word of inspiration there for us all."He opened the note, and read out loud, "Hey, you're standing on my oxygen tube?"
What did Mary give her cheating husband for Christmas? A bullet.
3 women are about to be executed by firing squad. There is a redhead, a brunette and of course a blonde the first women, the redhead stand up and faces the guns, the commander says "ready? Aim," suddenly the redhead yells "tsunami!" And as all the solders look around she runs away. Next is the brunette she takes her places in the line the commanding officer says "ready? Aim," the brunette suddenly yells "avalanche!" And then as all the solders look around she runs away. Next up is the blonde, she thinks to herself damn the others were smart I'm gonna try this. So the officer says for the third time "ready? Aim," the blonde then yells "fire!"
How do you know if you have a high sperm count? Your girlfriend has to chew before she swallows.
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister's chin.
What did one Spanish speaking white supremacist say to the other Spanish speaking white supremacist after eating a piece of delicious cake? Que queque!
Why didn't the other viruses hang out with The Common Cold? Because he is a bad influenza
A man is about to see his first child for the first time A man is waiting to see his first born child for the very first time when a doctor runs up to him and says, "Dude! You are not going to believe this! You're baby can fly!" The new father is like, "No way! I have to see this." They run into the nursery and the doctor picks up the baby and drops out from about a foot back into the cradle. Nothing happens. The new father is confused. "I thought you said my baby could fly. You just dropped it into the cradle." The doctor replies, "No hold on. Just check this out." He picks up the baby and drops it on the ground. The baby is bloodied up a bit. There's a little dent in his little baby head. The father flips. "What the fuck! My baby can't fly! He's bleeding! What in god's name is wrong with you!" The doctor, determined and unfazed, tries again. "No, dude, seriously, your baby can fly. Just watch. Watch." At this point, the doctor throws the baby out the window! It goes flying through the air and explodes on a parked car 7 stories down. The father, understandably, loses. his. shit. "WHAT THE FUCK! YOU MONSTER! HOW COULD YOU! MY CHILD!" The doctor laughs. "Nah I'm just fucking with you, man. It was stillborn."
A man is about to have surgery on his penis... ... As the surgeon walks in, he takes a look at the mans penis and yells out, "JESUS CHRIST, MAN!! What the hell happened to you?!?" Guy on the table says to him, "it's a long story." "Well we've got some time before the anesthesiologist arrives, so you can lay it on me if you want" replies the surgeon. The guy relents and starts talking, "okay, well, I live in a trailer park. The other day, this beautiful brunette lady with a massive rack moved into the trailer next to me--all by herself." The man continues, "so the other day, I noticed during the middle of the day, she would grab a frankfurter out of the freezer, warm it up in the microwave, then place it in a hole in the floor and just start to go to town on it." "You have got to be kidding me!" comments the surgeon. "I swear" testifies the man. The surgeon motions, "so then what?" "Well, I saw her do this a couple of times until I got an idea; I would slip under her trailer in the middle of the day around the time she would get her jollies off, and when she would go to slip the frankfurter into the hole, I'd slip it out and slip my dick in..." "That's crazy! How was it?" asks the surgeon. The man replies "it was fantastic! Everything was going great until...." and then the man closes his eyes. "until what??" prods the surgeon. "Until the doorbell rang and she tried to kick it under the stove!"
Barbie comes with GI Joe She only fakes it with Ken. Saw plenty of pregnant Barbie jokes in this sub-reddit, but not this one.
A man goes to the doctor complaining about a problem with his penis.. He says to the doctor "Before I show you the problem, I ask that you please not laugh at my condition" The doctor says "Trust me, I won't laugh." Having trust in the doctor, the man drops his pants and exposes his penis to the doctor. The doctor notices the man has an extremely small penis and does his best to control his laughter. After collecting himself, he asks "So, what's wrong with it?" The man replies "Doc, it's swollen!"
What's the difference... What's the difference between a chef and a perverted aquarium owner? One fixes dishes and the other dicks his fishes.
European Heaven and Hell In Heaven: the chefs are Italian, the lovers are French, the mechanics are German, the policemen are English, and it is all organized by the Swiss. In Hell: the chefs are English, the lovers are Swiss, the mechanics are French, the police are German, and it is all organized by the Italians.
What's harder than nailing a dead baby to a tree? My cock while I'm doing it.
That Mona Lisa... She's no oil painting, is she?
I could argue that someone passing out in the punchline enhances the joke, but that would be faint praise indeed.
What do you call a cow with Parkinson's? Beef jerky
I can't wait for turkey dinner tomorrow. I love middle eastern food.
Just went to the bookies to put a bet on a horse called "Dirty Carpet" it's never been beaten
Did you hear about the transformer who lost his ability to change into a seven-sided shape? He's a de-septagon.
The Magic Mirror In this public toilet, there's this magic mirror. Whenever you say something untruthful you disappear. A red head walks into the toilets and says "I think I have the best legs in the world" and puff...she's gone. Next a brunette walks into the toilets and says "I think I have the most sexist eyes" and puff...she's gone Finally a blonde walks into the toilets and says "I think..." and puff she's gone!
People think I'm weird because I swallowed an abacus They're forgetting it's what's on the inside that counts.
You remind me of my little toe Why because I'm so cute and tiny? No, I will probably get drunk later and bang you the coffee table.
An Irish travel agent gives advice So there is this Irish Travel Agent and he always tries to get people to go to and visit Ireland, this old woman asks him where she should go visit..so he starts talking about how great Ireland is and the lady says back, well " I don't like cold weather, the constant rain, and all the Catholics there. So the travel agent says back to her " Well ma'am then you should go to hell, its hot, it never rains and there are no catholics...
Bert asked Ernie if he wants ice cream "Sure, Bert"
An innocent man is given a life sentence. (NSFWish) The guards take him to his cell, where he finds out that his bunkmate is about twice his size, with a mean mug and a menacing demeanor. As the innocent man is settling in, the inmate says, "Alright, since I'm feeling generous today, I'm gonna give you the option. You wanna be the wife or the husband in this relationship?" The innocent man, somewhat relieved, says, "Well sir, if it's all the same to you, I would much prefer to be the husband." The inmate replies, "Fine by me. Now get over here and suck your wife's dick" Sorry for the grammar and such... I tried.
What if the pilgrims had shot a Bobcat instead of a Turkey? (NSFW) We'd be eating pussy for Thanksgiving!
A hippie goes up to a nun... ...on the bus and begins to flirt with her. Things do not go well and she turns him down and leaves. Disappointed, the man gets off in the next stop, but just before he does the bus driver stops him. "Hey man, look, if you want to get with the nun you have to be smart about it." "what can I do?" askes the man. "Look, at 10 every night, she gets off in the cemetary and goes to pray, just go up to her dressed as jesus and she will do anything you tell her, she is a nun after all." The man agrees and thinks the plan is foolproof, he goes to the cemetery at night and waits for the nun while being dressed as jesus. When he spots her he goes up to her and says, "I am jesus! I demand you have sex with me!" "of course jesus! whatever you say!" says the nun, "however, I would like to remain a virgin, so could you do me in the ass?" the man agrees and they get to it. as soon as he finishes he pulls of his wig and says "HAHA! I am the hippie!" the nun then takes of her hood and says "HAHA! I'm the bus driver!"
What breaks when u give it to a toddler? Her hips
A tour bus driver is driving with a bus load of seniors down a highway... ... he is tapped on his shoulder by a little old lady. She offers him a handful of peanuts, which he gratefully munches up. After about 15 minutes, she taps him on his shoulder again and she hands him another handful of peanuts. She repeats this gesture about five more times. When she is about to hand him another batch again he asks the little old lady, " Why then don't you eat the peanuts yourself?". "We can't chew them because we've no teeth," she replied. The puzzled driver asks, "Why do you buy them then?" The old lady replied, "We just love the chocolate around them."
The snake and the skunk A man and his wife are coming to America with their pet snake and pet skunk. As they are walking up to the gate, about to board the airplane, they read a sign that says no pets allowed through customs. The wife gets a little distressed and asks the husband, "What are we going to do?" After thinking for a few minutes he comes up with the solution that he'll wrap the snake around his waist and act like it's a snake skin belt. She nods her head in approval. Then the husband says, "You hide the skunk up your skirt". Worried, she says, "Well what about the smell?" He says "It doesn't matter if it dies"
A nun goes to a clinic to get a blood test... And the nurse gets her blood results mixed up with a prostitute's. When she goes in for the results a couple days later, she opens the envelop *that said she was pregnant. She then exclaims: "damn! You can't even trust candles now days!"
How do you mail an egg? In a henvelope!
Three Beers A soldier, Mikey, has just been re-located to a new small town to serve. He decides he needs a drink and wanders over to the local pub. Mikey has a seat and the bartender strolls over, "What'll it be, boy?" Mikey replies, "3 beers, please." Bartender pours the 3 beers and brings them over to Mikey. Mikey has a sip out of the first beer, a sip out of the second, and a sip out of the third. Sip out of the first, the second, the third. He continues to drink the 3 beers this way until he's completely done. "Another 3 beers, bartender!" Bartender is a little confused, "Hey kid. You know, it's not very busy and if you keep drinking your beers like that, they're gonna get warm and flat. I'll bring you one and when you're just about done, I'll have your second one already poured and ready to go." Mikey replies "I really appreciate it, but this is how I drink my beers." At this point, a couple regulars are looking over curious to Mikey's odd drinking habit. Mikey continues, "Listen, I have two brothers, and they're both serving in the military as well. When I moved away, we promised each other that when we drank, we would drink 3 beers, one sip at a time, and it'll be like we're drinking together." The bartender is pretty touched by this story, and obliges. A few years pass and Mikey has become one of the regulars at the bar. As soon as he walks in, the bartender acknowledges him, Mikey nods and the bartender starts pouring Mikey's three beers. It's like clockwork. One day after shift, Mikey walks into the bar. Sits down. Silent. No eye-contact. Bartender strolls over, "The regular, kid?" Mikey mutters under his breath... "Just two today. Been a rough day." Bartender quietly pours Mikey's beers. Brings them over. Mikey has a sip out of the first, sip out of the second, sip out of the first, sip out of the second. Finishes them. Orders another round. Bartender starts pouring. Mikey finishes another two beers, sip out of the first, sip out of the second. All the while, the regulars noticed this and have started whispering thoughts of concern to one another. Bartender is debating whether or not he should bring up the change in order. Mikey goes through another 10 beers. He asks the bartender for his tab. Bartender leans in to Mikey "This one's on the house. I'm really sorry." Mikey, who's pretty intoxicated, is confused "Whaddaya mean it's on the house?" Bartender replies, "Well, for the last two years, you've drank your three beers the same way. One for you, two for your brothers. And well, Mikey, I'm really sorry about your brother." Mikey says, "Whaddaya talking about my brother?" Bartender explains... "Well, you only ordered two beers, so I just assumed that..." Mikey cuts him off, "OHHHH. HA! Thanks buddy but no worries. Both my brothers are fine. **I** quit drinking!"
A man is sitting in a cafe and he sees a beautiful woman He sees a beautiful woman sitting across the cafe. He thinks to himself "I should ask her out! Ohh, but my premature ejaculation is going to be a problem." He decides that he will go ahead and talk to her and let things unfold the way they will. He talks to the woman and gets a date with her. Later on, he's on a date with this woman, things go great and he takes her home. Of course, things get hot and heavy and they're about to have sex, when the man gets a phone call. He picks up and there's an emergency room doctor on the line saying that the mans sister is in labor, and he needs to rush over quickly as possible. The man says "Okay, I will be there as soon as I can." The man thinks for a second "well, I'm gonna be late either way, so I may as well bang this chick and go." So, he proceeds with having sex with this woman. Later, he gets to the hospital to find his sister has not had the baby yet. His sister, surprised to see him, says "You made it?!?! How'd you do it? You were all the way across town!" The man looks at his sister and says: "Well, it was easy. I came as fast as I could!"
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? The picture of Jesus only needs one nail to hang up.
A man walks into a doctors office A man walks into a doctors office and says Man: "Doctor, Doctor! I have 5 penises!!" Doctor: "That's amazing! How do your pants fit?!" Man: "Like a glove."
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef stroganoff.
I apologize and Im sorry mean the same thing... Except when you're at a funeral.
what do you get when you mix 9th grade literature with alcohol? Tequila mockingbird.
A priest and a nun are golfing... The priest misses a putt and yells " dammit I missed!" The nun tells him not to swear because God won't approve of it. On the next hole the priest hits a bad shot and yells once again " dammit I missed" and the nun tells him," don't swear anymore or the sky will open up and God will strike you down" . On the next hole the priest once again messes up and once again yells "dammit I missed!" At that point the sky opened up and the nun gets struck by lighting. The priest looks up with astonishment and from the sky he hears " dammit I missed!"
It Looks Like a Booger But it's SNOT!
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? Because he was outstanding in his field!
How do you keep a Turkey in suspense? I'll tell you later.
How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb? ...2, but how'd they get in there.
What a man How do you respond to someone who says "fuck you" Answer: You fuck you
a classic joke with an odd twist Why did the chicken cross the road? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . His family was experiencing financial troubles, and needed money. He tried applying for many jobs, but they just didn't quite work out. After ending up in the drug business to support his family, a deal went bad and he was shot, landing him in the hospital. The night his family arrived to check on him, the same shooter made his way to his room, and murdered his wife and 3 children, and somehow managed to evade police. Months after this incident, Ralph, the same chicken who was in the hospital and witnessed his family's murder, was finally released. He had nothing to live for, nothing to look forward to in the future. He took up alcohol abuse for some time, until realizing what truly had to be done. He began tracking down his family's killer, and with each day spent, he became closer and closer to discovering the dealer's whereabouts. One day, he finally figured out who it was. As he arrived at the killers' home, he took one last deep breath, then stormed in. After fighting through many of the dealers' body-guards, Ralph finally reached the notorious drug dealing murder, Foghorn Leghorn. As a bloody battle ensued, it was clear who the winner would be.. As Ralph staggered out of the destroyed home, bloodied, yet victorious, he realized something. All the tracking, all the killing, all the bloodshed he had created, was all in vain. He realized that taking Foghorn's life didn't, and wouldn't, bring his family back. Finding himself dumbfounded, he began to trot, head down, through the field where the bad drug deal happened, almost a year ago now. He took one last deep breath, looked at the stars, and took his first step on the road. This was it he decided, he was finally going to reunite with his family again once more. As the headlights raced towards him, he heard his family in unison whisper to him "You're finally home Ralph, you're finally home."
Original &amp; Classic Winston Churchill (not my retort) Lady Astor said to Churchill, "If you were my husband, I'd poison your tea," to which he responded, "Madam, if you were my wife, I'd drink it!"
I got my first blow job today It sucked
What do you do when you want to golf in a thunderstorm? Hold up a 1 Iron. Not even God can hit a 1 iron.
How much does a hipster weigh? One instagram.
A spider crawled into my keyboard earlier. It's okay, I've got him under Ctrl.
Five logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks "beer for everyone?". The first logician says "I don't know"; second one, "I don't know"; 3rd, "I don't know"; 4th, "I don't know". The fifth one takes a second and then says "yes".
My local butcher accidentally backed up into his meat grinder... He got a little behind in his work.
I just successfully robbed a bank! Now what to do with all this sperm...
My dog... [**Warning: Quite lengthy**] Usually, anyone who has a dog calls him Rover, Spot or Tiger or some such name. I called mine Sex, and it got me into constant trouble. One day when he was young, I took Sex for a walk and he slipped his collar and ran away. I spent hours looking for him. A policeman came along and asked me what I was looking for. I told him I was looking for sex. That was my first court appearance. One day I went down to the town hall to get my dog registered. I told the clerk I wanted a license for Sex. He said he would like one, too. When I said he didn't understand, that it was a dog, he said that he didn't care what she looked like. I said that I'd had Sex since I was five years old. He said that I must have been a strong boy. When I decided to get married I told the minister that I wanted to have Sex at the wedding. He to me to wait until after the ceremony. I said that Sex had played a big part of my life and my whole lifestyle revolved around Sex. He said he didn't want to hear about it, and wouldn't let us have Sex in the church. I told him all my friends and relatives coming would enjoy having Sex there. He barred the lot of us and we ended up getting married in the registry office. Of course, the wife and I took the dog along with us on the honeymoon, and when I checked into the motel I told the clerk we wanted an extra room for Sex. The clerk said every room was for sex. I said "*You don't understand, Sex keeps me awake at night*" He said "*me too*" When my wife and I divorced, we went to court to fight for custody of the dog. I said: "*Your honour, I had Sex before I was married*". He said: "*Me too*". Well, now I have been thrown in jail, married, divorced and had more darn troubles with that dog than I ever bargained on. Why, just the other day when I went for my first session with my psychiatrist she asked me what seemed to be the trouble. I replied that Sex had died and left my life. It was like losing my best friend. She said: "*You should buy yourself a dog*". TL;DR: Man calls his dog Sex and gets into all sorts of trouble! The merry adventures of Man and his dog, Sex.
What's a cokeheads favorite TV show? Whose Line is it Anyway
A couple attend a TV show screen test... A couple are at a screen test for a new sitcom featuring a really annoying room-mate called Ted. They watched many different test scenes from the pilot, each showing a different aspect of the room mates character. There was one where he refused to clean up after himself, one where he every time he caught a glimpse of himself he would stare for a good minute or two, even one where he refused to wear clothes. After the viewing they were all asked to fill out a questionnaire on the show. The final question they were asked was "Which version of the room mate would you find most annoying?" The husband answered messy Ted. The wife, vain Ted.
Three Italians in Heaven *side note: this joke is kinda long, there is some swearing, and the grammar mistakes are part of it because I'm imitating Italians speaking English. Three Italian men are standing in front of St. Peter in Heaven. St. Peter says, "before I let you guys in, I would like to know how you got here, you go ahead first." The first Italian man starts to explain, "so there I was at work when I get a call from my neighbor saying he thinks my wife is-a cheating on me. I get in the car, my heart is-a goin' *boom-a boom-a boom-a* I get home and run up the stairs, my heart still goin' *boom-a boom-a* I open the door and yell to my wife 'where is he'. Then I see a guy hanging from the window, so I run over an' start to beat him with my shoe saying 'fuck you, you sonna bitch' and he goes 'stop you crazy, yo gonna kill me' and I said, 'you right imma kill you'. Then he fell down and I took the ice box and threw it out the window at him, then I had a heart attack and now imma here." St. Peter goes, "alright go ahead, how about you?" The second Italian man says, " so there I was at my job, washin' the windows, when I slipped and fell and imma goin' 'God, please no-a let me die' then I grabbed onto a window, and outta nowhere this guy starts to beat me with his shoe yelling, 'fuck you, you sonna bitch' and I said 'stop you crazy, yo gonna kill me' and he said ' you right imma kill you' so I let go and I'm falling saying, ' please God no-a let me die' I landed in some bushes, but then a ice box fell on me, and now imma here." St. Peter says, " ok go ahead, so how about you?" The third Italian man starts, " so there I was, hidin' in an ice box...."
What did Santa say when he went to a brothel? Hoe hoe hoe!
What's the difference between the Rockettes and a troop of acrobats? One is a cunning array of stunts.
How did the swordsman annoy r/jokes? He feinted. (Sorry)
Another man walks into a bar... and orders two drinks. When the barkeepers asks for whom the second drink was, he answered "Oh, my mate is really pretty ill and told me to drink one for him since he can t come" while skulling the drinks. The next month, the same guy arrives again in that bar, ordering again two drinks- one for himself and one for the friend who couldn t come again. One month later the same situation arrives but suddenly only one drink is ordered, which makes the bar keeper asks: "Hey, why are you ordering only one drink, what happened?Ii hope your mate didn t die or sth serious happened?!" After skulling the drink, he answers: "Oh no, calm down - he s fine and this drink was for him, but it s me, I stopped drinking last week.
Three strings are going out drinking... But sadly, they live in a world where strings aren't allowed to drink. They are tired of this lifestyle, however, and they want to have their drinks no matter what, so they head out to the local bars. At the first bar they come to, they try to be straight up about it. The strings walk up to the bartender and plainly ask for beers. The bartender frowns and replies, "boys, you know I can't serve strings, move along please." The strings get flustered and move on to the next bar, but the lead string has a plan. When they get to the bar he sends his two string buddies to go sit in a corner while he works his magic. He spends the next hour sweet talking a lovely female bartender. After a long conversation filled with small talk the string subtly asks for a few beers and the bartender snaps out of her kind demeanor and rejects him. The strings are livid at this point and they begin to walk home. At the final bar along the street, however, the lead yells, "I'm fed up with this", and jumps into a puddle along the curb and starts thrashing around. His string buddies ask what he's doing but he orders them to walk into the bar and sit in the corner again, for he has a new plan. Doubtful, his string buddies obey. They are sitting in a dark corner for 15 minutes before their friend barges in, disheveled, dirty, and beat up. The lead string stumbles over to the bartender and bluntly asks for three beers. The bartender asks, "Sir, are you a string?", to which the string replies, "No, sir, I'm a frayed knot." Credit to my weird aunt for this joke.
Is mingerbread the opposite of stud muffin?
What's the difference between jam and jelly? (Nsfw) I can't jelly my dick in your sisters ass!
Post your best one liner Mine: Excessive masterbation is often caused by hand-gina
Why the dwarves surf in the kitchen? Because it has microwaves
Army of Fingers (Fixed for formatting) A long time ago, there was a castle with a king, a queen, and the servants who worked happily, ate healthily and were merry. The king regally sat upon his throne one day, when his lookout came running into his chamber, flustered and out of breath. "Your majesty, you will never believe what I am about to tell you." "Go on," replied the king. "Just outside of the castle, there stands an army of fingers. No hands, no arms, just fingers. Hundreds of thousands of them! Worse yet, half of our noblest knights and generals are visiting the neighbouring kingdom, in preparation for their upcoming ceremony. The fingers want your head sir, and they've said that they will force their way in and kill everyone within the castle walls if they are not appeased in three days, what shall we do?" The king sat, shocked that an army of fingers made their way undetected to his castle. He thought for a moment, and realized the only way the castle may survive is if he were to refortify his military by sending a messenger to retrieve the other half visiting the neighbouring kingdom. "Send our finest messenger to the neighbouring kingdom," declares the king. "May he be quick on his feet." And with that, the lookout left the chamber and sent the castle's finest messenger on his way. The next morning, the king was woken up to the lookout, terrified and flustered once again. "Your majesty, the fingers have captured and killed your finest messenger, they are holding his head on a stake for all to see! What shall we do?" "We must try again," replies the rather hesitant king "send the castle's second finest messenger. May he be quick on his feet." And with that, the lookout left the chamber and sent the second finest messenger to the neighbouring castle. Sure enough, the next morning, the king was awakened again by a terrified lookout. "Your majesty, the fingers now have the second finest messenger's head on a stake for all to see. What do we have left?" The king sat, defeated, when he heard a tiny voice peep up. "Sir, I think I help." The voice came from a page the king had working for him. He was a little Chinese boy, who weighed no more than 75 pounds. The king scoffed, when his consultant entered the room. "I would let him try, your majesty, we have no other option." The king had no argument, and sent the page on his way. That night, he laid awake in bed, almost positive it was his last night. He prayed for the page he had sent, and fell asleep. The next morning, the lookout burst into the king's chamber once again. "Sir, you'll never believe it! The page you sent, he brought back our military forces, and they killed all of the fingers throughout the night! We're saved!" The king was stunned, and called for his consultant. "How did you know?" He asked his consultant "How did you know that the little Chinese boy could do it? He beat my finest messengers!" "Don't you know what they say?" Replied the consultant. "Let the yellow page do the walking through the fingers."
Have you heard the one about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.
How did the swordsman keep annoying r/jokes? Constant ripostes.
Yesterday I tried to loosen a rusty lug nut... But it didn't turn out.
The bear and the rabbit A rabbit is minding his own business when a random bear comes and treat ens to eat the rabbit. The bear chases the rabbit until they find a magic lamp and they decide to rub it together. The expected gene appears and let's them both have 3 wishes each. The bear goes first and says " I wish for all the other bears in the forest to be females" and it was done. The rabbit then wishes for a lifetime supply of carrots at his house and it is granted. The bear then says " I want all the other bears in the country to be female" and it is granted. The rabbit's second wish is for a rabbit sized motorcycle and it is granted. Now the bear very confused about why the rabbit is wishing for such small things says " And for my last wish, I want all the other bears in the world to be female!". The gene grants the wish. The rabbit then says with a smile on his face "I wish that bear was gay." then drives off in his motorcycle.
What does a woman say after three consecutive orgasms? You mean you don't know?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral? One less drunk.
Breaking news: Cartoonist found dead in his own home. The details were sketchy.
Why can't two Asians make a Caucasian? Because two wongs don't make a white.
How did the escape artist annoy r/jokes?
The Boy, The Man, and The Closet A woman takes a lover home during the day while her husband is at work. Her 9-year old son comes home unexpectedly, sees them and hides in the bedroom closet to watch. The woman's husband also comes home. She puts her lover in the closet, not realizing that the little boy is in there already. The little boy says, "Dark in here." The man says, "Yes, it is." Boy: "I have a baseball." Man: "That's nice" Boy: "Want to buy it?" Man: "No, thanks." Boy: "My Dad's outside." Man: "OK, how much?" Boy: "$250" In the next few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the lover are in the closet together. Boy: "Dark in here." Man: "Yes, it is." Boy: "I have a baseball glove." The lover, remembering the last time, asks the boy, "How much?" Boy: "$ 750" Man: "Sold." A few days later, the Dad says to the boy, "Grab your glove, let's go outside and have a game of catch." The boy says, "I can't, I sold my baseball and my glove." The Dad asks, "How much did you sell them for?" Boy: "$1,000" The Dad says, "That's terrible to over charge your friends like that...that is way more than those two things cost. I'm taking you to church, to confession." They go to the church and the Dad makes the little boy sit in the confessional booth and closes the door. The boy says, "Dark in here." The priest says, "Don't start that again; you're in my closet now."
"Wanna play the Rape Game?" "No" "That's the spirit"
Did you hear about the 7' NBA star who married a blonde midget? He was nuts over her.
A drunk at a bar stands in the middle of the bar a says out loud: Everyone to my left are stupid, and everyone to my right are idiots! A guy to the drunks left got mad and said to him: Wait a minute, I am not stupid okay! Drunk looks at him and says: Then move to the right side of the bar you idiot!
Shot my first turkey yesterday... Scared the shit out of everyone in the frozen food section at the grocery store.
A guy goes to talk to his girlfriend's dad.. Bf: I wanna ask for your daughters hand in marriage. Dad: ok. How much do you make? Bf: $500 a week. Dad: what?! Are you crazy? You couldn't even afford toilet paper! Gf: (outside) well, what did he say? Bf: that you shit a lot -_-
What is the worst place to go on Black Friday? Awnser: Home Depot They have power tools lol
There's a new pizza place coming to town... Two epileptic midgets (err, little people) are opening up a pizza place across town next week. They're calling it 'Little Seizures'. My dad came up with this joke, and I don't think he's ever been so proud of anything in his life.
A man holds up a bank A man walks into a sperm bank with a balaclava and a sawn off shotgun. He walks up to the receptionist, points the shotgun at her and says "I want all of the days takings, right now!!" She replies "Sir, you're holding up the wrong kind of bank. All we have here is sperm." He waves the shotgun at her and says "I know where I am, just do as I've asked." She walks into a fridge, and pulls out a tray filled with little tubs of jizz. She puts them on the front counter and says "Ok here you go." He points at one of the tubs and says "Swallow that jizz." She doesn't even hesitate when picks up the little tub of jizz and swallows it. The man points at another, and she swallows that one too. The man pulls off his Balaclava; it turns out to be her boyfriend. He says "See, it's not that difficult, is it?"
Why do jews have big noses? because the air is free
Hurry get up and jump out the window A couple was in bed sleeping, when suddenly the woman hears a door slam outside, she wakes up scared and tells the man sleeping with her: Hurry get up and jump out the window, its my husband! The man half asleep gets up in a hurry and jumps out the window. Five minutes latter he walks back in and says to her: You dumb ass, I am your husband!
Police, Police, there is a fight going on A kid goes up to a police officer: "Police, Police, there is a fight going on for half hour!" The police officer asks the kid: If its been going on for half hour, why didn't you call me earlier? The kid answers: "Because my dad was winning at that time!"
There's only two things I hate in this world: intolerance... and the Portuguese.
How many guitar players does it take to change a light bulb? Ten: one to screw it in and nine to say, "Pssh, I can do that."
A mushroom walks into a bar... A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says "whoa there, little guy! Didn't you see the sign? No mushrooms allowed!" The mushroom says "why not?! I'm a fun guy!"
So Adam is sitting in the Garden of Eden... ... and he says, "God, I see that all of the other animals that you have created in this truly perfect world have a companion, a partner, someone to be with, share life with, and to love. Why is it that I am alone?" God pauses for a moment, and says "You know Adam, I'll work on that. Be patient, my son, I shall return to you in a week's time." God labors for a week as only a being of such incredible omnipotence can labor, and after much exhausting work, he returns to Adam after a week has passed and reveals to him his creation. Adam is speechless. After much gaping, he finally finds the words to say "God, she is beautiful, she is truly your most perfect creation. I must ask though, what will this cost me, for surely this cannot be free." God says soberly "My son. I confess, to have a being of such beauty and grace, you must give me an arm and a leg. I can accept no other payment." Adam weighs this for a moment, and then says, "How much can I get for a rib?"
Whats the difference between a woman and a dog? Put them both in the trunk of your car, drive around the block, and see which ones happy to see you afterwards.
What do Beethoven's 9th and a dead baby have in common? They're both D-composed.
How was your thanksgiving? &gt;&gt; Very stuffing.
What kind of triangle jokes can never be made right? Ones with an obtuse angle.
The Fox And The Lion One day, a rich little fox was texting on his iPhone, when he realized he was fat. "i should do exercise!" he thought. "i will be handsome and thin. it is a great idea!" many days later, the fox is getting a drink from the pond a few miles away from his house. "this delicious water with all the grapevines will be worth the walk." but, a lion approaches. "HA!" says the lion. "What a dumb fox you are. you had to walk here, yet i live here! besides. all the other animals here are bigger than you. you will be hunted if you think you can drink the water and eat the grapes here!!!" and he drinks from the pond, with his big head blocking the fox. "I must outsmart him." thinks the fox. then, he gets an idea. "well, lion." says the fox. "if you think you're so great, just look how the other animals think me!!!" the other animals in the jungle look up. seeing the lion, they run away. "yikes!" says the lion. "they must be afraid of you." and he runs away. the fox drinks the water. but the lion had outsmarted him. "i knew he would do this, so when i appeared to be drinking, i turned the lake into records from nicki manij, justin beiber, and Rebecca black." every time the fox took a sip, he heard the horrible songs of the "artists." so he faints. the next day he does gangman style and realizes he is in a random joke that is bad and doesn't make sense called "The Fox And The Lion". the end.
A guy moves to the US from India After a few weeks he gets really sick and starts throwing up and having trouble sleeping. He finally decides to go to a doctor and explains his situation. The doctor runs some tests and they all come back normal. After thinking about it for a while, the doctor says "ok, I think I have a solution. Go home and take a shit into a bucket. Stick your head into the bucket and keep it there for a half hour. I bet you will feel better almost immediately." The Indian man was very confused as this was a very odd suggestion by a doctor. Nonetheless, he went home and did as he was told. He took a shit into a bucket, stuck his head into it, and was shocked. He felt better within minutes! He called the doctor the next day and told him the good news. He was so happy that he was feeling better, but still had no idea how the doctor knew this would help. He asked the doctor what made him think of this and the doctor said "you were just homesick."
That one. "that one." says a booy. "what do you mean?" says another boy. "oh, i was just answering your question." "what question?" "i already told you."
What do you call a baby girl who died of alcohol poisoning? Give me a blender and we'll call her a bloody mary.
Drinking and driving I would like to share my experience with drinking and driving. As most of you are aware, some of us have been known to have had close encounters with the authorities on our way home from the nights out drinking and socializing. So a couple of nights ago, I was out for a few drinks with some close friends of mine and had just a few too many. Knowing full well I may have been over the limit, I did something I've never done before: I took a bus home. As fate would have it, I passed a police checkpoint but as it was a bus, they waved it past. I arrived home safely without incident which was a real surprise, as I have never driven a bus before and am not even quite sure where I got it.
I went to the church yesterday... I waited until we were alone in the church before approaching him. "Father?" I said, causing him to turn and look at me. "I'm sure you won't remember me Father, but 20 years ago I was one of the altar boys you brutally abused." I could see immediate panic and shame in his eyes as he struggled to find words, "I.. I don't know.." "Save it Father," I said unbuckling my trousers, "It's payback time." "Please.. No.." He pleaded. "On your knees Father," I commanded, "or I go to the authorities and you'll be ruined." As he slowly sunk to the floor in resignation, I felt a satisfied grin forming on my face. I'd never met the old fuck before, but I've found it's an almost sure fire way of getting a free blowjob.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? Ill tell you tomorow.
So a hunter walks in to a bar and says, "Bear with me".
Why is a giraffe's neck so long? Because it's head is so far away from it's body.
Rabies A woman keels over dead from a brain bleed. In the next scene the Doctor is calmly explaining to her the husband that his wife's autopsy came back positive for Rabies. The doctor explains the symptoms and asks him if he noticed any of the changes. The man who is used to explaining away her abusive manner says, "Yeah she did seem a little off but, that is just the way she is." "The doctor then exclaims. No one noticed a change until her brain liquefied and ran out through her nose. Damn you gotta get a bitch like that vaccinated."
What do you get when you cross a seal and a polar bear? A polar bear.
I'm sat in the pub when Johnny walks in... The other day I was sat in the pub when my mate Johnny walks in (great guy is Johnny, always a laugh). Now the first thing I notice about Johnny today is that he's got a big metal head. So he walks up to the bar says "Alright Dave", sits down and asks for a pint. I reply with "Alright Johnny. Now, forgive me for asking, but why've you got a big metal head mate?" "That's a funny story, that is, Dave and I'll tell it if you want" "Be my guest" "Right, so the other day I was clearing out the loft when I found a weird lamp, interesting looking thing it was. I figured it should go to the charity shop but decided to give it a bit of a dust first, so I started to dust it a when lo and behold a genie pops out and says he'll grant me 3 wishes" "Wow, a genie? Really? That's amazing. But it doesn't explain why you've got a big metal head" "I'm getting to that Dave. So I thought for a while about what my first wish should be before I wished it but finally I decided. I asked the genie for a beautiful wife who would never leave me, have sex with me whenever I want and would bring me a perfect bacon butty every morning. The genie replied "YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND!" clapped his hands and, in a puff of smoke, there she was. She was everything I asked for and more, you'll never guess what though Dave" "What?" "She looks exactly like Emma Watson too" "Blimey Johnny! I'm happy for you mate, I know you've not been too happy ever since Janet left but it seems like your life's going perfect now. But that doesn't explain why you've got a big metal head." "I'm getting to that Dave. Now, it was a couple of hours before I used my next wish, I was a bit preoccupied if you know what I mean, but I eventually got back to the genie and made my next wish. I asked him for a bank account that would never run out of balance, again, he clapped his hands and said "YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND!" and in a puff of smoke, there was a card in my hands, no name of a bank on it but I hopped on my computer and started buying things and all of them went through!" "Flippin' hell Johnny that's great, especially after they laid you off down at the office last month, drinks on you today then eh mate? But that still doesn't explain why you've got a big metal head." "Hold your horses Dave, I'm getting to that. Now there's obviously only one things I can use my last wish on isn't there?" "Three more wishes?" "Three more wishes. The genie bloke looked a bit confused about this but then I think he figured it out so I carried on wishing. Now it took me a while to think of this one but I decided that I've had enough of wishes for me and I'll try to help some people." "That's good of you Johnny, who did you decide to help first?" "Only my closest friend in the world" "Oh, and who might that be?" "You, you tit! I know how you've been wanting to break into the game design world so I wished for you to have some meetings with the heads of some of the bigger game companies who're bound to take you one, I've seen some of your work, it's brilliant" "Wow, really? You didn't have to do that just for me. You're a great friend and a good man Johnny bit you've still not explained why you've got a big metal head." "Calm down Dave I'll get to it soon enough. Now for this wish I had a thought and I figured that one of the biggest problems to people is a lack of water so, being the charitable man I am I wished for everyone who didn't have it to have a clean, fresh and unlimited supply of water" "That's a great thing you did for the world there Johnny, I'm genuinely impressed, hell you'd probably win a Nobel prize and a knighthood if anyone found out about this but you've still not said why you've got a big metal head" "I know but we're really close now. For my last wish, my very last wish. I wished..." He took a swig of his pint. "Aahh, I wished..." "What did you wish for Johnny?2 "I wished for a big metal head"
I think my car must be Jewish It always needs to be gassed.
A man walks into a chemists "Hi, I'd like some Viagra please" asks the man. "I'm sorry" says the Pharmacist. "You can't get that over the counter." "You can if you take enough." replies the man.
What does Jerry Jones do after winning the Super Bowl? Gives the X Box back to grandkids
It's ok, a black guy told me this A little black boy, pretending to be white, covers his face in flour. He goes over to his father and says, "Daddy, Daddy! Look I'm white!" The father, with a quick smack says, "Boy! Go show yo mother" The boy runs over to his mother and exclaims, "Mommy, Mommy! Look I'm white!" Again, with another quick smack upside his head, the mother says, "Boy! Go show yo grandma" So once again, the boy goes over to his grandma and receives another physical rebuke. The boy, irritated by this point, thinks to himself, "Man.. I've only been white for 10 minutes and already I hate fucking black people."
The pizza eating competition So this guys walks on to a pizza hut which had flyers stuck up everywhere around the place that read, '1 million prize money for those who have 50 pizza's in a row'. The man got excited and went to the busboy and said 'I'm in for the competition'. The busboy then took him to a room where another participant was sitting in a table munching his pizza tiresomely and looked like he was about to throw up. He soon gave up and paid for the pizza's he had before he left. The Busboy soon made our guy to sit on the table and said 'Did you see that guy, he hardly had only 18 pizza's and he is much bigger than you. I don't think you are gonna make it'. Our guy replied very cooly 'just watch whats happening' with that he started with the first pizza served to him. The busboy quickly moved on to a wall with a board suspended on it and started making count of the Pizza. Our guy was very relaxed and seemed to be enjoying each and every Pizzas that was served to him. After about a couple of hours, the guy had almost finished 38 pizzas which made the busboy annoyed and started messing with the counts. He counted every 2 pizzas as 1 from then on, hoping that the guy would quit by the time the count gets to fifty. But to his surprise the guy stopped the man serving him pizza and said 'I already had 50 Pizzas'. Immediately the busboy walked over to him and said 'No, you have had only 44 Pizzas and 6 more to go'. Our guy was furious and told the Busboy 'Wont I know how many I have had. I counted it all the way'. The Busboy said that 'What do you think I was doing over that wall. Do you see the lines I had drawn over there. Just count for yourself'. Our guy was really annoyed and felt that he had been cheated. He quickly shouted at the busboy 'Do you think I am a fool sitting here and you can cheat me like I'm a 5 year old. You are wrong buddy. Now, just rub all those baby line you have scribbled over there and start from the beginning. This time I will keep an eye on you'
Why shouldn't white people go swimming? Nobody likes a soggy cracker!
The Lone Ranger Once, in the Wild, Wild West, the lone ranger was captured by an Indian tribe. The Chief of the tribe says, "I have heard of you, Lone Ranger. If you can impress me enough within three days, I will let you go free." So, the Lone Ranger thinks hard for a few minutes and says, "May I have a minute alone with my horse?" The Chief obliges him, and not 30 seconds later, the horse gallops out of the tent and runs away. The Chief is puzzled, but the Lone Ranger seems satisfied nonetheless. A few hours pass, but then the Lone Ranger's horse returns with an absolutely beautiful blonde girl, with whom the Lone Ranger spends the night. The Chief is absolutely amazed, but not enough so to let the Lone Ranger go. So, the Lone Ranger asks to, again, hold council with his horse. And again, the horse gallops away, returning later with a redhead even more beautiful than the previous lady. The next day, the Chief tells the Lone Ranger, although he is impressed, he is not going to let him go. So, the Lone Ranger asks to be left alone with his horse. After the tribe vacated the room, he whispers into the horse's ear very succinctly, "Bring. Posse."
A little boy comes downstairs in the middle of the night and asks for a cup of water. Dad: OK, but that's the 730th one you've had tonight... Boy: I know, but my room's still on fire
Blind date I went on a blind date with this girl to a bar and as soon as I saw her I knew what I was going to drink. She ordered juice, I ordered coffee to go.
Who are you?!? She is walking down a dark street on her way home when she hears footsteps. Believing she is being followed and not wanting to be mugged she hides behind a tree and, as the stalker passes, she jumps up and grabs him by the balls!  "WHO ARE YOU?" she shouts at the man as she twists and pulls his balls. He mumbles something but she can't understand him. "WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DO YOU WANT?" she shouts again as she twists his balls harder squeezing them with all her strength. "Carl!" he manages to stutter "CARL WHO?" she asks twisting and squeezing the balls a bit more and giving them a hard pull.  "CARL THE MUTE!!" he shouts at the top of his lungs.
The 100 mile per-hour goat Two rednecks are walking through the woods in West Virginia when they come upon a large hole in the ground. They are examining the hole when one turns to the other and says "Maaaaan... that sure looks like one DEEP hole. How far down do you think it goes?" The other replies "I can't really tell, but yep... it sure looks deep. Let's find something to throw down there and see if we can hear it hit the bottom." The two walk off a little ways and find an old rusted truck engine in the weeds. They work together to pick it up and drag it to the edge of the hole. Then, with a big heave, they push it over the side to watch it drop. Suddenly, out of nowhere, comes a goat running head-long at the hole at what seems to be 100 miles per-hour. The goat gets to the edge of hole and without hesitation plunges head first into the abyss. The rednecks are standing there startled and confused when an old farmer approaches. "Hey - either of you fellers seen a goat around here? I can't find him..." The rednecks tell the old farmer about what they saw and the farmer stands there scratching his head. "Well that's just impossible!" says the farmer. "I had the damn thing tied to an old engine!"
Just thought of this So I was at a hippy music festival and after the show I met a few bands back stage. I saw a bassist sitting in the corner by himself so I sat next to him and asked. "Hey man, my name is Mark. Whats your name, what you been up to?" "Benjamin"
I had sex last night. Man I hate prison
Why'd the apple jump in the grinder? He was suicider.
A man was cursed with a 4ft penis. It was so big, it impacted everything he did. He could hardly get around, let alone have sex. So one day he goes to a doctor and the doctor tells him, "I'm sorry, there's really nothing I can do for you, try the plastic surgeon." So he goes to the plastic surgeon, and he says, "I'm sorry, there's really nothing I can do for you, Try the witch doctor." The man goes to the witch doctor and the witch doctor tells him, "This is what you do, go to the river down by the old mill. There you will find a talking bullfrog. Ask the bullfrog to marry you, and every time she says no, your penis will shrink 1 ft." The man was skeptical, but he'd give anything a shot, so he goes to the river by the old mill. After sitting for a while, he sees the talking bullfrog. The man runs and snatches it up and looks it in the eyes. "Will you marry me?" The bullfrog croaks, "No." The man was amazed, he looked down and his penis had shrunk to 3 feet. He asks again, "Will you marry me?" The bullfrog croaks again, "No." He looks down and his penis has shrunk to two feet. The man is so happy he can hardly contain himself. "Okay, one more time, any man could happily live with 12 inches." He looks the bullfrog in the eyes and asks, "Will you marry me?" The bullfrog looks up at the man and says, "Listen buddy, I'm not sure how many times I have to tell you, no, no, no, no, no, no, no."
A boy asks for a pink ping pong ball... a boy comes downstairs and asks for a pink ping pong ball. "don't you start that again." says the mom.
People that are into beastieality. Are fucking animals.
Martinis are like titties... ...one isn't enough, and three are too many.
My wife likes to talk after sex.. So she called me from a hotel room. No Respect! RIP Rodney Dangerfield
People who like trance music are very persistent. They don't techno for an answer
Did you hear about the Jewish pedophile? He said "Hey, kid. Can I sell ya some candy?"
So a girl walks into a library... ...and asks the librarian,"Can I have a cheeseburger and fries?" The librarian says,"This is a library..." "Sorry,"The girl whispers,"can I have a cheeseburger and fries?"
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Its a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it
The unused coloring book. Why can't the little girl color the elephant in her coloring book? Her arms are amputated.
My girlfriend said I should be more Romantic... She didn't like my toga but the orgy was great!
Not so funny now is it? A boy comes home from school. He hears a thud-thud-thud sound coming from upstairs. He goes to investigate and notices the sound is getting louder. Thud-thud-thud, it's getting louder and faster. It's coming from his parents room! The boy flings the door open and sees his mom on all fours and his dad behind her. The dad sees the boy in the doorway and shoots his son a thumbs up. The boy slams the door shut and runs downstairs. The next day the dad comes home from work. He here's a strange sound coming from upstairs. As the dad goes upstairs he here's thud-thud-thud coming from his sons room. The dad flings open the door to his sons room and sees grandma on all fours and his son behind her! The boy looks at his dad and says, "not so cool when it's your mom is it?"
A man goes to the doctor ... ... and says "Doctor, I'm having a really strange problem. I can't get the song *What's New, Pussycat* out of my head. Doctor says, "Well, it sounds like you may have Tom Jones' Disease." The man opens his eyes wide. "I never heard of that before," he said. "Is it rare?" Doctor shakes his head. "It's not unusual."
What's the difference between my porn stash and Call of Duty? One is full of screaming 10 year old boys and the other is Call of Duty.
What's green and flies over Germany ? Snazis. This insanely corny joke brought to you by my Dad, circa 1990. May he rest in peace!
Check this one out: **1**
Tapeworm Sorry for the length of this.. A man has bee feeling very sick, so he decides to go in and see his doctor. The man finds out he has a tapeworm. His doctor tells him "There are two options here, surgery, or an experimental procedure I have developed, which we can start today. It will take three weeks." The man, not wanting surgery, says he will try the new procedure. The doctor tells the man to take his pants off and bend over the table. While the man does this, the doctor takes out a hard-boiled egg and a lemon cookie and proceeds to shove them up the man's ass and says, "Come in next week for the second part of the procedure." The man comes in the next week, feeling worse than last week and says to the doctor, "I'm not to sure about this procedure.." The doctor says, "Trust me" and gets out the egg and the lemon cookie and proceeds to put the egg then the cookie up the man's ass. Doctor says to come in the next week. The third week the man comes in and says, "I can't take this any more, lets just do the surgery." And the doctor says "Trust me, it will all be over today." The man says ok and takes his pants off. This time the doctor pulls out the egg and a hammer. He shoves the egg up the man's ass and waits. about 5 minuets later the tapeworm pops his head out of the man's ass and yells, "Where the fuck is my lemon cookie!?!?!?" And WHAM!! The doctor crushes the tapeworm with the hammer.
The first year I didn't eat Thanksgiving leftovers on the day after. I quit cold turkey.
What do you get when you cut a hooker in half with a chainsaw? an erection
What's another name for a dictator? A penis potato!
starbucks is like a hooker... one on every corner and money upfront before they scream your name
I caught my friend licking my tv today. So much for the high def LSD screen.
Whats the difference between a watermelon and a baby? One is fun to smash with a sledgehammer and the other one is a watermelon
3 5th graders compare penis sizes There are 3 fith graders; an irish boy, an asian boy and a black boy, and they want to see who has the biggest penis. So the Asian boy goes first, and its just tiny, they wave him aside. So then the Irish boy goes, its an average size. Then the black boy goes, and he is clearly the winner just huge. so he goes home and he says "mom! mom! we had a penis competition today at school and i won!" and the mom says "well Leroy, you did'nt win that competition cause your black. you won cause your 18"
What's the difference between being hard at work and being hard at work. ...you can't be the latter if you're a teacher
How do you see fish semen? You Blow-Fish!
Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or Endothermic (absorbs heat)? The following is an actual question given on a University of Washington engineering mid-term. The answer was so "profound" that the Professor shared it with colleagues, and the sharing obviously hasn't ceased... Bonus Question: Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or Endothermic (absorbs heat)? Most of the students wrote Proofs of their beliefs using Boyle's Law, (gas cools off when it expands and heats when it is compressed) or some variant. One student, however, wrote the following: "First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we need to know the rate that souls are moving into Hell and the rate they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let us look at the different religions that exist in the world today. Some of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion, you will go to Hell. Since there are more than one of these religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we can project that all souls go to Hell. With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase exponentially. Now, we look at the rate of change of the volume in Hell because Boyle's Law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in Hell to stay the same, the volume of Hell has to expand as souls are added. This gives two possibilities: 1. If Hell is expanding at a slower rate than the rate at which souls enter Hell, then the temperature and pressure in Hell will increase until all Hell breaks loose. 2. Of course, if Hell is expanding at a rate faster than the increase of souls in Hell, then the temperature and pressure will drop until Hell freezes over. So which is it? If we accept the postulate given to me by Teresa Banyan during my Freshman year, "...that it will be a cold day in Hell before I sleep with you.", and take into account the fact that I still have not succeeded in having sexual relations with her, then, #2 cannot be true, and thus I am sure that Hell is exothermic and will not freeze." This student received the only A.
What's the difference between a black man and a park bench? A park bench can support a family.
What is your most favorite vagina joke? My contribution: Q: Why is a vagina just like the weather? A: When it's wet, it's time to go inside Q: Why is a woman's pussy like a public restroom? A: They both feel good, but you wonder who has been there before you! Vagina jokes are not funny. Period.
What should you never give to a Jewish person as a present? A dustpan.
Two best friends turning enemies.. Two best friends..!!! Friend 1 : hey..dude..!! Do you have any plan for this weekend ? Friend 2 : Hmm..no..do you have one ? Friend 1 : Yeah...Let's watch twilight breaking dawn 2....!! Friend 1 : You are the best enemy of mine..
Mary and Sue are discussing good-looking boys in their high school. Mary asks "Have you seen that new Mexican kid Amal Garcia?" "Garcia?" Sue responds. "No, but I think I've seen his brother Juan" Mary replies "They're identical twins. If you've seen Juan, you've seen Amal!"
I live like a king of medieval time. I eat three meals a day, each meal may have meat and spices. I work sitting down.
What's the other word for a pedophile with a large hat? The Pope. (sorry if repost, my friend just told it to me)
Don't forget capital letters... In the world of high-tech gadgetry, more and more people who send text messages and emails have forgotten the art of capital letters. For those of you who fall into this category, please take note of the following statement: "Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse."
Why did the one handed man cross the road? To get to the second hand shop.
Why aren't there any Walmarts in Afganistan? Because there's a target on every corner.
I always give 100% Which is why I was sacked from being an exam marker.
"Lincoln" is a terrible movie The main character dies at the end.
A man using Apple Maps walks into a bar or maybe a hotel. Or possibly a church
What's the difference between a light bulb and a pregnant woman? You can unscrew a light bulb!
What's the difference between Snow-men and Snow-women? Snowballs.
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower? Give the bitch a shovel.
One word difference One word can change your day, your feelings, and life. Example: "This is your captain speaking" "This isn't your captain speaking"
Hurricane Sandy I asked my bartender for a Hurricane Sandy. She looked confused and asked, "What is that?" I replied, "A watered down Manhattan."
it's so ironic that a call of duty game and a one direction album came out on the same day. one of them is about a horrible injustice, of trying to enslave humankind, wars, and repepitive times, just waiting to kill everything you don't like. the other one is a video game.
I saw a woman at the fuel pump spill gasoline on her arm and then light a cigarette. The police arrested her for waving a firearm.
So I was in a bar... and this really loud obnoxious guy bumps into me and ends up spilling both our beers all over me. I get pretty pissed and challenge this guy to step outside so I can smack him in the face. "No no, I'm a lover! Not a fighter!" He says. So I kissed him. Turns out he WAS a fighter.
Tie Salesman (x-post /r/ShaggyDogStories) A while back, I was working downtown as a handmade tie salesman trying to make a quick buck using a skill I'd learned. Though this was really just a side venture while I tried to find a real job, I was making a decent bit of coin. Additionally, people were recommending me as a source for their neck apparel. One day, this fellow comes up to me and asks whether I'd be willing to teach him the art of tie-making. I tell him I'd be glad to under the condition that, in addition to paying me a small fee, he purchases one of my ties. He, owning none of the sort, is glad to, so I show him the basics and give him a lesson on the various materials required for making a nice tie. He leaves about an hour before I wrap up, and with his business and fee it was one of the most successful days I had. I had thought he was just curious, but the next day he came back for another lesson. Though the fee he had paid me yesterday was enough, I still needed him to buy another tie from me so I didn't have an overstock. He did, although he was somewhat apprehensive (he didn't really need many ties in his current line of work as a fast-food cashier). I gave him another lesson and actually put him at the loom (making ties is fairly simple business), and he turned out a good tie on his second try, which I gave to him as a token of goodwill. He thanked me and told me he'd be back again early the next day. He arrived when he said he would, ready and eager for another lesson. I told him he needed to buy another tie before I could teach him again, and this time he was skeptical. "Why should I purchase another?" he whined, "I already have three!" Grinning, I explained my reasoning. "Task me no lessons, and I'll sell you no ties."
What's that worthless little piece of skin around the vagina called? The woman.
What is Call of Duty called in Afghanistan? The Sims
Two men are talking on a subway train... So two strangers sit next to each other and begin to read quietly. After a while, they notice that they are both reading the same book. They get to talking, and eventually they get around to exchanging names. The first man says, "Im Bill. What's your name?" "My name is Jesus Christ," says the second man. "Oh come on, your name isnt Jesus Christ," says Bill "Sure it is" he responds. "Follow me to the bar. Ill prove it to you." So they go to the man's bar, and as soon as the bartender catches sight of him, the bartender says, "*Jesus Christ,* are you here again?!?"
some simple jokes whats big white and falls out of a tree? a fridge whats green and has wheels? grass i was lying about the wheels
What diapers should you put on a dead baby? Pamperspired.
Little Billy had been blind since birth... ...and one night his mom tells him "If you pray extra hard tonight God will allow you see in the morning." So little Billy prayed his heart out before going to sleep that night. The next morning he opened his eyes and to his surprise he screamed out. "Mommy I still can't see!" "I know son, April fools."
My ex-wife still misses me... ...but her aim is getting better!
What did the rock say when he had to leave his girlfriend for a long time? I pumice I'll come back soon!
What does every "Tickle Me Elmo" get before they leave the factory? Two test tickles
What is 007's fetish? Bondage...
A Priest and a Rabbi walk by a park... The Priest turns to the Rabbi and days, "Hey, wanna screw 'em?" The Rabbi looks confused for a moment, and replies with, "Out of what?"
Olympic Condoms A man gets home one day from work and excitedly shows off to his wife that he bought a pack of *Olympic Condoms*. "What do you say I slip on a gold one and we give it a go?" He asks her with a grin. She simply responds, "Why don't you try out the silver and come second for a change"
Hardest job in the world is being a Police sketch artist in China.
Stupid joke I made up, 101: Where does a sandwich go when it gets good grades? Honor roll.
Why was the baby Honeydew sad? Because it was Meloncholic
Your mom's had so many trains run on her... ...they call her The Island of Sodor.
Husband Superstore Recently a "Husband Super Store" opened where women could go to choose a husband from among many men. It was laid out over five floors, with the men increasing in positive attributes as you ascended. The only rule was, once you opened the door to any floor, you HAD to choose a man from that floor; if you went up a floor, you couldn't go back down except to leave the place, never to return. A couple of girlfriends went to the shopping centre to find some husbands. First floor The door had a sign saying, "These men have jobs and love kids." The women read the sign and said, "Well, that's better than not having a job or not loving kids, but I wonder what's further up?" So up they went. Second floor The sign read, "These men have high paying jobs, love kids, and are extremely good looking." "Hmmm," said the ladies, "But, I wonder what's further up?" Third floor This sign read, "These men have high paying jobs, are extremely good looking, love kids and help with the housework." "Wow," said the women, "Very tempting." But there was another floor, so further up they went." Fourth floor This door had a sign saying "These men have high paying jobs, love kids, are extremely good looking, help with the housework and have a strong romantic streak." "Oh, mercy me," they cried, "Just think what must be awaiting us further on!" So up to the fifth floor they went. Fifth floor The sign on that door said, "This floor is empty and exists only to prove that women are f**king impossible to please. The exit is to your left, we hope you fall down the stairs."
Two friends are on vacation... ...they're staying in nice hotels and the first guy asks the second, "How's your stay been going so far?" To which the second friend replies, "Awesome, 'cause listen to this: there's live sex shows every night here!" "Really? Where at?" "The next room over from mine." The first friend goes silent for a bit. The second guy finally speaks up and says, "What's wrong?" To which the first replies, "That's my room." After another awkward pause, the second friend finally says, "Ohhhh. Y'know, you should REALLY get a partner."
What grows when you squeeze it, explodes if you rub it too hard, and children love it? A balloon animal!
What's a Rabbi's favourite drink? Mountain Jew.
What do you call a gay Dinosaur? Dead.
A male law is going on a date A male law thought he was going to dinner with a female decree, but it turned out it was a mandate!
Did you hear about the guy born without a brain? Never mind.
Be careful this Winter!!!! Snow is like a cock, its measured in inches, soft to the touch, cums when you least expect it and it never gets as deep as you'd like it. Driving in the snow is like eating pussy. If you don't slow down and pay attention you could slide into the asshole in front of you! BE CAREFUL THIS WINTER!
Whats green and smells like bacon? Kermit's dick.
I just bought the best vacuum ever It sucks
What's the difference between an alpaca and your Mom? One is a hairy beast that spits, the other is native to South America.
A man gets pulled over... A man gets pulled over and the police officer approaches the driver's window. "Do you know why I pulled you over?" The driver says, "No sir." The cop says "Well son, you were speeding. Now please hand me your license and registration." The driver pulls out his license and says, "Well my registration is in the glove box, but I have to warn you, there is a loaded pistol in there." The cop is taken aback and places a hand on his own weapon. "Why do you have a loaded gun?" "Well it's what I used to kill the guy in my trunk." The cop then freaks out a little and calls for backup. While waiting, he has the driver toss his keys to the road and keep his hands up. Backup arrives, and they get him into the back of the squad car. Shortly after, their chief pulls up. "Alright sir, we are going to retrieve the gun from the glove box, and the body from the trunk. We need you to identify the body, and then we will take you to the station for holding." The driver says, "Sir there's no dead body in my trunk, nor is there a gun in the glove box...I bet he told you I was speeding too!"
So a midget walks into a bar... and he orders a beer and a shot. The bartender give them to him and he downs them quickly. He asks, "Who is the baddest sumbitch in this place?" The bartender says, "Well that'd be Mark, over there." The midget jumps down from the stool and goes over to him, and just beats the shit out of him, then leaves the bar. The next day, he comes in and orders the same order. Finishes the drinks and says, "Now who is the baddest sumbitch in this bar?" The bartender thinks for a second, and says, "Well that'd be Billy Joe over in the corner. So the midget jumps off the stool, goes over and beats the shit out of Billy Joe and then leaves. Mark and Billy Joe get together and Billy Joe says, "Man we can't have this midget come in here and beat people up every day." Mark replies, "Well I know where we can get a gorilla." BJ says, "A gorilla? He'd eat him!" Mark then says, "Yeah that's fine. I'll get him, and hide him in the bathroom, and tell the bartender to send him in." The next day, Mark, Billy Joe and the bartender are waiting for the midget to come in. When he finally does, he goes to the bar and orders his usual beer and shot. He downs them and says, "Ok, now who is the baddest sumbitch in this place?" The bartender says, "Well it's Jasper, and he's in the bathroom." So the midget jumps down from his stool and goes into the bathroom. For the next few minutes all you can hear is the loudest bangs, crashes, thuds, screams, and all that. A few minutes of silence go by, and the midget comes limping out of the bathroom and says, "When that nigger wakes up, tell him his fur coat is in the trash."
What do you call James Bond in the bathtub? Bubble-0-7
A thief broke into my house last night.. A thief broke into my house last night. He started searching for money so i woke up and searched with him.
Did you hear about the man who was born without any ears? Niether did he.
So this guy walks into a bar, sits down and finds a jar full of twenties sitting next to the register. Curious, he asks the bartender, "So, what's with the jar?" The bar tender replies, "That's a contest we have, the rules are simple, you have to put a twenty in the jar, and I will give you a bottle of pepper tequila which you must down in one tilt of the bottle. Then, you go out back where a dog with a sore tooth is chained up, you must pull out the dogs tooth. Last, there is an eighty year old woman who has never cum, once in her life, you must make her feel like a woman." The man laughs and declines but after a few drinks puts twenty in the jar and takes the bottle. He smashes it back and stumbles to the back door. "The dog's out back?" The bartender nods and the man walks out. After almost a half hour of growling, barking and yelling, the man returns with his clothes torn up and asks, "Now where's that lady with the sore tooth again?"
I don't bring pooper scoopers when I walk my dog I would, but my dog doesn't give a shit
Three men land on a desert island... The men are found by a tribe native to the island. The chief of the tribe, unfriendly to outsiders, offers the three men a chance to leave safely: "each of you must withstand the pressure of 10 fruits in your asses. You may choose your fruit, but you may not laugh, cry, or make any noise whatsoever." So the men go around the island to find various fruits to try. Each man goes to perform for the chief. The first man tried small apples, but after the first four he cried and the chief killed him. The second man came with grapes, and made it all the way to the 10th, but then laughed and he was killed. Later, up in heaven, the first man asked the second, "hey, you almost had it! What happened?" The second man replied, "I saw the last guy coming with pineapples!"
Last year I took a visual design class... ...and our final exam was to design a fireworks display. I passed with flying colors.
What's a Sikh's favourite kind of joke? A Nanak Nanak joke.
What does a death row inmate get after their last meal? Their just desserts.
How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb. None. Californians screw in hot tubs.
Hard of Hearing Genie (Sorry its a long joke, but worth it I promise) So a man walks into a bar with a burlap sack. He pulls out a small piano, bench, and a tiny piano player, who begins to play songs on the miniature piano. The Bartender, intrigued, asks the man where he got it. The man proceeds to show the bartender an old genie bottle. Out pops an old, dusty genie. The man tells the bartender to make a wish. The Bartender wishes for 1 million bucks. All of a sudden, Ducks begin shooting out of the top of the bottle. Frustrated the bartender yells to the man "I wished for a million BUCKS not a Million DUCKS!" To this the man replied, "Yea, and i didn't wish for a 12-inch Pianist Either."
Oh Grandma! The little boy greeted his grandmother with a hug and said, "I'm so happy to see you grandma. Now maybe daddy will do the trick he has been promising us." The grandmother was curious. "What trick is that my dear?" she asked. The little boy replied, "I heard daddy tell mommy that he would climb the walls if you came to visit us again."
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 12. One to screw it in, One to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination, One to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination, One to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like", One to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic, One to blame men for not changing the bulb, One to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it, One to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs, One to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs, One to advocate that lightbulb changers should have wage parity with electricians, One to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men, One to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
I Always Give 100% [FIXED] 20% on Monday, 20% on Tuesday, 20% on Wednesday...
So the other day I got pulled over by a policeman with Alzheimer's... He made me roll the window down and says, "Do I know why I pulled you over?" Me: "Uhhh, you owe me 20 bucks?" He pulled me over three more times, and I made $80 that day.
A pirate at the local bar discusses his past. A seaman meets a pirate in a bar, and talk turns to their adventures on the sea. The seaman notes that the pirate has a peg-leg, a hook, and an eye patch. The seaman asks, "So, how did you end up with the peg-leg?" The pirate replies, "We were in a storm at sea, and I was swept overboard into a school of sharks. Just as my men were pulling me out, a shark bit my leg off." "Wow!" said the seaman. "What about your hook"? "Well", replied the pirate, "We were boarding an enemy ship and were battling the other sailors with swords. One of the enemy cut my hand off." "Incredible!" remarked the seaman. "How did you get the eye patch"? "A seagull dropping fell into my eye," replied the pirate. "You lost your eye to a seagull dropping?," the sailor asked incredulously. "Well," said the pirate, "it was my first day with my hook"
Did you hear about the two antennas that got married? The wedding was good, but the RECEPTION was great!
An American customs agent and an Canadian customs agent are having a beer after a long week. The Canadian says "Man, you wouldn't believe this dumb American redneck trying to cross the border. I ask him 'Do you have any weapons, son?' and the kid says "Sure, whatcha need?'" The American scoffs. "I got you beat. About three weeks ago, this dumb Canadian punk comes down. I ask him 'Are you carrying any fruits or vegetables?' The kid thinks for a second and says 'Is marijuana a vegetable?'"
what did the zero say to the eight? nice belt.
Funniest joke you will ever hear. You.
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? 2. But how did two flies get in a light bulb?
old old lady walks into an adult store. .(NSFW) she's really old, like 90+ old, she even shakes so she has to use a walker, as shaky as she was she approached the counter; the attendant thou surprised that a lady that old would go to a adult store did his job. attendant: hello, is there anything I can do for you? old lady: yes, do you carry the electric super dildo magnus 4000? attendant: (shock as he can be) aahhh...yes, we have it behind the counter ma'am old lady: you have the version with chrome head? attendant: (still astonished) yes.. old lady: (shaking so much that her walker rattles) is that the one with turbo boost, 6 speeds and reverse? attendant: (his jaw is now hanging) aahh...we do ma'am.. old lady: could you please tell me how to turn it off?
Guy pulls into a gas station driving a new mercedes after a round of golf... He walks inside to pay for the gas and there's a lady working the cash register. When the man walks in the gal says, "that's an awful nice car you got there." The man, clearly proud of his whip, says, "Oh yeah. That thing is loaded. Its got a GPS, satellite radio, seat warmers, the whole nine yards. What do I owe ya?" She gives him the total and he reaches into his pocket for some change. With the change comes a tee in his hand. "What's that there," she asks. "That's to hold up my balls while I'm driving." "Wow, them folks at Mercedes have thought of everything."
How did the Edward Impersonator annoy /r/jokes? He feigned ted.
Dandruff in the Elevator A blonde and a brunette get into an elevator and punch in two of the highest floors. They do not know each other, so they stay to themselves. About halfway up to their respective floors, a balding gentleman enters the elevator with them, with some of the most atrocious dandruff either of the women had even seen gracing the shoulders of his suit. He didn't seem to notice, but they were practically revolted for the trip. His floor came up quickly and as the door shut from his exit, the brunette looked up to the blond and commented "That man needs to get some Head and Shoulders." The blonde got really confused before asking, "Wait, how do you give shoulders?"
Whenever my husband opens his wardrobe he shouts and curses. I think he's a cross dresser.
What's green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? a pool table.
What did Judas say after capturing Jesus? Nailed it.
A man rubs a genie lamp and out pops the Genie, and the Genie says to him "I will grant you 3 wishes, but there is a catch, your ex gets twice what I give you" The man says "I want a billion dollars" The Genie 'poofs' the money in front of him, then does another 'poof' off to the side. The guy says "What was that?" The Genie says " I just gave her 2 billion dollars", This guy is pissed, but he's got 2 wishes left, He says "I want a 40 room mansion along the beach", The genie says "Just a sec", dabbles his hands and the guy gets his wish, but then the genie does same as before, and does another dabble. The guy says" You gave her an 80 room mansion didn't you?" The Genie says "yes"! This guy is livid! The genie asks what he wants for his 3rd and final wish. The guy thinks long and hard, and finally says "I wish to be beaten half to death"!
So a horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks him what he wants. The horse unable to understand english, shits on the floor and leaves
My wife and I have a new arrangement. I can sleep with any woman I want, but she doesn't speak to me or live with me anymore.
Shortest Joke Ever Venicine's dear isn't it. Courtesy of Jimmy Carr, great joke.
Need to write some current event jokes for a show, need help! Whatcha got, reddit? I am not funny and I need to be. I am writing a script for a short show that's formatted like "Weekend Update" on Saturday Night Live. So that means one sentence about the topic, and then one liner joke. Thank you all!
Short joke A priest, rapist and comedian walk into a bar, then the barman says: 'God are you fucking kidding me?!'
Law Of The Jungle Three scientist friends go into the jungle on an expedition to research local tribes. After they are several days deep into the jungle they encounter a village, and are immediately captured. The three men are told by the village leader, who claimed to be the king of the amazon, that to avoid slaughter at the hands of their tribe, the three men would have to perform a trial; to go into the forest and find him a piece of fruit. Each goes off into the forest their own separate way, and finds a fruit. The first scientist comes back with a banana. The chief takes the banana and shoves it straight up the scientist's ass. He lays there crying until the second man comes back, bearing an apple. The Chief promptly bends him over and shoves the apple up his rectum. After a few moments he begins laughing. The first man asks "How could you possibly laugh at a time like this? You just had an apple shoved where the sun don't shine" The second man stops laughing for a second, and replies, "Yeah, but i saw the other guy on my way back. He found a watermelon"
The heretic * xpost from /r/ELINT's ["what's your favorite denominational or interfaith joke?"](http://www.reddit.com/r/ELINT/comments/13t7sx/all_whats_your_favorite_denominational_or/) --- I was walking across a bridge one day, and I saw a man standing on the edge, about to jump off. So I ran over and said, "Stop! Don't do it!" "Why shouldn't I?" he said. I said, "Well, there's so much to live for!" He said, "Like what?" I said, "Well, are you religious or atheist?" He said, "Religious." I said, "Me too! Are your Christian or Buddhist?" He said, "Christian." I said, "Me too! Are you Catholic or Protestant?" He said, "Protestant." I said, Me too! Are your Episcopalian or Baptist? He said, "Baptist!" I said, "Wow! Me too! Are your Baptist Church of God or Baptist Church of the Lord? He said, Baptist Church of God!" I said, "Me too! Are your Original Baptist Church of God or are you Reformed Baptist Church of God?" He said, "Reformed Baptist Church of God!" I said, "Me too! Are you Reformed Baptist Church of God, Reformation of 1879, or Reformed Baptist Church of God, Reformation of 1915?" He said, "Reformed Baptist Church of God, Reformation of 1915!" I said, "Die, heretic scum!" and pushed him off.
What was Confucius' favorite comfort food? Macaroni and Qi.
There were three men in a sauna... One was German. One was Japanese. One was Australian. The three men were sitting there nude, except for towels loosely draped over their private parts. It was all peaceful and quiet. They just sat comfortably and sweated silently. Suddenly the peace and quiet was broken with the sound of "bip bip bip". The German looked down and tapped his wrist a couple of times. Then he stared at it, before tapping again. Afterwards, he looked at his companions, shrugged his shoulders, and said, "E-mail from the office". A minute later there was another sound, "bip bip bip". This time the Japanese man put his little finger to his mouth and his thumb to his ear and started talking. Afterwards his looked at his companions, shrugged his shoulders, and said, "Phonecall from the office". Seeing the advanced technology on display, the Australian was now looking pretty sad. The two others could sense this and started to feel sorry for him. Suddenly the Australian jumped up and left the sauna, only to return a minute later with a metre of toilet paper hanging out of his bum cheeks. He beamed at the other two men and said, "Fax from the office".
horses marriage there once was a man who lives alone in the mountains with his horse. he began to nurture feelings for his horse after spending day in and day out with it. after some years with the hores, he looks at her pets her side and while brushing her mane looks at her, and asks her will you marry me, the horse looks at him sadly and says "master, i cannot, horses cannot get married we simply dont have marriages." and the man is heartbroken the horse then she tells him we may not be able to have weddings but, well we do have bridles.
Hi Reddit, I am on AA Flight 451. We're going down. AMA!
Why Parents Drink A father passing by his son's bedroom was astonished to see that his bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. Then he saw an Envelope, propped up prominently on the pillow that was addressed to 'Dad.' With the worst premonition he opened the envelope with trembling hands and read the letter. Dear Dad: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new girlfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Mom and you. I have been finding real passion with Stacy and she is so nice. But I knew you would not approve of her because of all her piercing, tattoos, tight motorcycle clothes and the fact that she is much older than I am. But it's not only the passion...Dad she's pregnant. Stacy said that we will be very happy. She owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. We share a dream of having many more children. Stacy has opened my eyes to the fact that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone. We'll be growing it for ourselves and trading it with the other people that live nearby for cocaine and ecstasy. In the meantime we will pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Stacy can get better. She deserves it. Don't worry Dad. I'm 15 and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure that we will be back to visit so that you can get to know your grandchildren. Love, Your Son John PS. Dad, none of the above is true. I'm over at Tommy's house. I Just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than a Report card That's in my center desk drawer. I love you. Call me when it's safe to come home
Thanksgiving in Bulgaria Obviously Thanksgiving is an American holiday. However, as a former soldier deployed to Southern Europe, I was given a week long pass during the week of Thanksgiving. I decided to go to Bulgaria. You know what the best thing about Thanksgiving in Bulgaria is? Bulgaria is next to Turkey and Greece.
An Illinois man... ...left the snow-filled streets of Chicago for a vacation in Florida. His wife was on a business trip and was planning to meet him there the next day. When he reached his hotel, he decided to send his wife a quick e-mail.   Unable to find the scrap of paper on which he had written her e-mail address, he did his best to type it in from memory. Unfortunately, he missed one letter and his note was directed instead to an elderly woman whose husband had passed away only the day before. When the grieving widow checked her e-mail, she took one look at the monitor, let out a piercing scream, and fell to the floor in a dead faint. At the sound, her family rushed into the room and saw this note on the screen:   DEAREST WIFE,   JUST GOT CHECKED IN. EVERYTHING PREPARED FOR YOUR ARRIVAL TOMORROW.   YOUR LOVING HUSBAND  P.S. SURE IS HOT DOWN HERE
My flight instructor told me this one. Nothing to do with flying. A man's wife is staring at herself in the mirror and frowning. She turns to her husband and says "Honey, I feel fat, old, and ugly. I could really use a compliment right now." To which the husband replies "Darling, your eyesight is impeccable."
In a crowded city... at a busy bus stop, a beautiful young woman who was waiting for a bus was wearing a tight mini skirt.  As the bus stopped and it was her turn to get on, she became aware that her skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the first step of the bus.  Slightly embarrassed and with a quick smile to the bus driver, she reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little, thinking that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg.  Again, she tried to make the step only to discover she still couldn't.  So, a little more embarrassed, she once again reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little more, and for the second time attempted the step, and, once again, much to her dismay, she could not raise her leg.  With a little smile to the driver, she again reached behind a third time to unzip a little more and again was unable to make the step.  About this time, a large Texan who was standing behind her picked her up easily by the waist and placed her gently on the step of the bus.  She went ballistic and turned to the would be Samaritan and yelled, "How dare you touch my body! I don't even know who you are!"  The Texan smiled and drawled, "Well, ma'am, normally I would agree with you, but after you unzipped my fly three times, I kinda figured we was friends!"
What does a dyslexic agnostic insomniac do? ...Stays up all night pondering the existence of a dog
Hank Hill is into BDSM because he is Pro-pain.
Heard this from my History Professor. Ronald Reagan had such high regard for the office of President that his jacket was never off. Bill Clinton had such high regard for the office of President that his pants were never on.
A private school dance... There are two private middle schools having a school dance together in on of the school's gyms. One is an all girls' school, and the other is an all boys' school. All of the kids are dancing in the middle of the school's gym and having a pretty good time...except for one girl with a peg leg and one boy with a wooden eye. After about a half an hour of standing on opposite sides of the gym, the boy finally musters up the courage to speak to the girl. The boy says to her "Hi I think you're very pretty, would you like to dance with me?" Excited, the girl sweetly says "Would I!" After a moment, the boy growls back at her "peg leg!"
Why did the man with 5 dicks take his pants to the tailor? So they'd fit like a glove.
Sorry in advance for the pun... So they opened a new zoo by my house, it really sucks. They only have one dog....it's a total shih tzu.
How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem? Simple! He just worked it out with a pencil!
An old Lady in a nursing home... An old lady in a nursing home is wheeling up and down the halls in her wheelchair making sounds like she's driving a car. As she's going down the hall an old man jumps out of a room and says, 'Excuse me, ma'am, but you were speeding. Can I see your driver's license?' She digs around in her purse a little, pulls out a candy wrapper and hands it to him. He looks it over, gives her a warning and sends her on her way. Up and down the halls she goes again. Then the same old man jumps out of a room and says, 'Excuse me, ma'am, but I saw you cross over the center line back there. Can I see your registration please?' She digs around in her purse a little, pulls out a store receipt and hands it to him. He looks it over, gives her another warning and sends her on her way. She zooms off again, up and down the halls, weaving all over. As she comes to the old man's room again he jumps out. He's stark naked and has an erection. The old lady in the wheelchair looks up and says, 'oh no, not the breathalyzer again!
Ugly Faces One fine day in a preschool.... Child: -makes ugly faces- Teacher: Stop it Child: Why? Teacher: When I was your age, my teacher told me if I make ugly faces, it'll stay that way  Child: Oh, you didn't listen did you?
A middle aged woman is standing in front of the mirror.. And asks her husband,"Honey, I want to get breast implants." "No way, my love, that is too expensive." "Ok, so what do you suggest I do then?" She asked him. "Well toilet paper had a pretty big effect on your ass, just rub some on your chest."
Vagina jokes aren't funny. Period.
A man is driving late at night... ...and in front of him he sees another man waving batons in his hands and yelling. Confused, the man gets out of his car and walks over to the baton-waver. He asks, "Is there any construction going on?" The baton-waver replies, "I'm afraid you can't have your car here!" The man, confused yet again, looks behind him and sees a clear path behind his car. "But there's nothing there," he yells, "why can't I drive here?" The baton-waver sighs and tells him: "Would you rather have the plane land on the street?"
I aspire to write jokes for laffy taffy. Q: What do you call a gullible vampire? A: A sucker
Mail order bride An older rancher picks up his mail order bride at the train station, helps her up onto his horse drawn carriage and they start off down the road. After a little bit the horse stumbles and the rancher mutters "that's one." Bout a half hour later the horse stumbles again. "That's two." the rancher says. They get a couple miles further and the horse stumbles again. "That's three." He gets down from the carriage, pulls his gun and shoots the horse in the head. "What the fuck is wrong with you!?" The lady yells. The rancher looks her way and says "That's one."
A guy gets a job at a fruit stand His first ever customer walks up to him and asks "how much is a pound of apples?" "I don't know." says the guy "let me call my manager." He calls the manager and the manager says "Your supposed to say '25 cents,sir'." When the guy gets off the phone he sees that the first customer has already left, but another customer is there. The second customer asks "how much for a pound of apples?" and the cashier replies "25 cents, sir." "Are they fresh?" he asks. "I don't know. Let me call my manager" the cashier says again. The manager tells him the correct response is "Yes! very fresh". The second customer is also gone by the time the phone call is finished, but a third one shows up. The third customer asks "How much would it cost for a pound of apples?" "25 cents, sir" says the worker. " "Are they fresh?" asks the customer."Yes! very fresh." says the worker "Should I buy them?" asks the customer. "I don't know. Let me ask my manager." says the worker. The manager is angry now and explains very slowly "Just say '25 cents sir' 'Yes very fresh' and 'if you don't somebody else will'." The vendor finds this easy enough and if confident now. A burglar comes up to the stand with a gun and says "GIVE ME ALL THE MONEY!". The vendor calmly replies "25 cents, sir." "ARE YOU BEING FRESH WITH ME?" screams the burglar. "Yes very fresh" says the vendor. "DO YOU WANT ME TO SHOOT YOU RIGHT NOW?" yells the burglar. "If you don't then somebody else will"
Grandmother's Pistol My grandmother got pulled over for speeding. She rolled down her window and talked to the cop. He asked for her registration, and she said, "Sure, i'll give it to you, but i want to warn you, I've got a Colt 45 in the glovebox." As he reviewed her licence and reg, the cop asked her about any other weapons she had. She admitted she had 2 other revolvers- one under her seat and one in her purse. "3 pistols in your car!" said the cop, "What are you so afraid of?" She said, "I am not afraid of anything!" (did i read this here?)
Denise and what?! A Jamaican women goes into labour for her expected twins. After delivering a healthy boy and girl she is so exhausted she passes out. Some time later she wakes and asks the nurse to see her children so she can name them. The nurse replied saying that the women's brother had come in and named them. The woman expecting the worse asked what her permanently high brother had named her children. The nurse replied 'well he called the girl Denise' Surprised the woman said 'that's quite nice, I didn't expect that from him!' she then hesitantly asked 'what about my son?' 'Denephew' the nurse grinned.
I wonder who coined the term money.
Do you believe in abortion? Girl: Dad, do you believe in abortion? Father: Ask your sister. Girl: I don't have a sister... Father: Exactly.
Dry cleaners. A hot blond walks into a Dry cleaners. She tells the teller "I need to get a stain removed from my sweater. The teller being a little hard of hearing asks "Come again?" To which she replied " No, its mustard."
So I just watched a documentary about a blind magician porn star... He was a master of missed erections.
Two Construction Workers... are building a tower. One of them, being 15 stories up, needs a hand saw. Because the other man can't hear him, he uses sign language. He points to himself, "I," points at his knee, "need," and makes a sawing motion. To his surprise, the man at the bottom of the tower looks at him, nods, and starts masturbating. The man at the top, getting very angry, comes down all 15 stories, and yells, "I asked for a hand saw! Why would you just start jacking off?!" The other man said, "I was trying to tell you - I'm Coming!"
A Native American walks up to the Chief of the reservation and asks him... "Chief, why do you name the babys of the tribe what you do?" The Chief replied "Ah, yes. Well before every birth I go deep into the forest and wait for the Gods to give me a sign on what to name it. For example, if I see a soaring eagle fly by, then I name the infant Soaring Eagle, if I see a bear I name him Great Bear... But why do you ask, Two Dogs Fucking?"
What do you say when you fart on an elevator? Did you hear that asshole talking shit behind my back?
Overcrowded Church The two thousand member Baptist church was filled to overflowing capacity one Sunday morning. The preacher was ready to start the sermon when two men, dressed in long black coats and black hats entered thru the rear of the church. One of the two men walked to the middle of the church while the other stayed at the back of the church. They both then reached under their coats and withdrew automatic weapons. The one in the middle announced, "Everyone willing to take a bullet for Jesus stay in your seats!" Naturally, the pews emptied, followed by the choir. The deacons ran out the door, followed by the choir director and the assistant pastor. After a few moments, there were about twenty people left sitting in the church. The preacher was holding steady in the pulpit. The men put their weapons away and said, gently, to the preacher, "All right, pastor, the hypocrites are gone now. You may begin the service."
Benefits of hairspray, who knew? A young guy was driving down the road. He had been fired earlier that day, and his girlfriend had broken up with him just the day prior. While thinking of his predicament the young driver doesn't see the young rabbit in the road, and sadly hits the poor animal. The young driver pulls over rushes to check on the animal. When the young guy finds the poor dead thing on the side of the road he finally breaks down, and starts to bawl. A female driver sees this scene, and pulls over to help this hysterical man. She approaches and asks if she can help, but the only thing the man can do is just cry. The woman stops, thinks, and then goes back to her car. She comes back with a can, and sprays the dead rabbit. Suddenly the rabbit springs to life! It hops away about ten feet then turns and waves. The rabbit keeps on doing this. Hopping about ten feet, then it would turn, and wave. The male driver can't believe it. He looks over and reads the can. HAIRSPRAY: Revitalize dead hair and add wave!
At first Lincoln didn't want to be president... ... but he gave it a shot.
Why do black people have white hands? Because everyone has a little good in them
Tiny Blue Dot A rich kid is taking his newly acquired vintage Ferrari out for a spin. He starts putting the pedal down as he gets out into the rural areas, just having a blast. His fuel starts running a bit low so he pulls into an old gas station. An older fellow wearing faded jeans and a blue shirt with the gas station logo comes over to the side of the car. "What'll it be?" he says, hooking his fingers into his suspenders. "Premium, and fill 'er up," says the young man. The gas station attendant, himself a petrol-head, admires the car and as he begins filling up the tank, he says "This sure does look fast, but I'll bet ole Bessie's faster." He jerks a thumb toward a bright blue Charger. "I'll tell you what," he continues, "I'll let you have this tank of gas on the house if you can beat me to the county line." The kid mulls the offer over a bit. "A race? What if I lose?" "You pay double the cost of the tank of gas. And tell you what, I'll even give you a head start. Soon as I finish pumping, you take off. First one to the county line wins, if you get there first, just keep going." "OK!" The kid was excited at the prospect of not only getting to put his car through its paces, but getting a freebie out of the bargain as well. The old fellow drew the nozzle out, replaced the gas cap and slapped the fuel cover closed. The kid floored it out of the gas station. At first he didn't see anything behind him because of the dust. But as the dust cleared, he saw this tiny blue dot way back in the distance in his rear view mirror. The tiny dot began growing and growing and rapidly blurred past him. It was unbeliveably quick. He squinted and looked forward and could see way off ahead of him a tiny blue dot. It began growing and growing and again blurred past him at amazing speed until it was a tiny dot in the rearview mirror again. Once more the blue blur overtook him, but the kid realized he was approaching the county line and began to hit the brakes. Incredibly as he came to a stop at the county line, he saw the older fellow from the gas station laying in the middle of the road just ahead. He was covered in dirt and cuts and bruises. The kid was stunned. The old guy had beat him. "That was amazing! But what happened to you? Where's your car?" The old fellow stared up in horror at the kid, "Car nothing! My suspenders got hooked to your bumper!"
Losing his virginity (NSFW) A boy comes home late one day and when when he walks into the kitchen, his mother screams, "where have you been!?" The boy replies, "Having sex." In complete shock, the mother reiterates her question, "where have you been!?" and like the first time, the boy answers, "having sex." Not knowing what to do, the mother waits until her husband gets home to deal with her son. When he arrives, the mother tells her husband to ask their son where he was this afternoon, and so he does. Again, like the first 2 times, the boy replies with the same answer, "having sex." The father acts as if he is outraged so that he doesn't get in trouble with his wife, and then takes his son to his room. Once they get there, the father who had to hide his excitement from his wife (completely ecstatic that his son has lost his virginity) bursts out, "so, son, how was it?" The boy then replies, "eh it was alright...my butt kinda hurts."
How do you make a woman drive in a circle? Take away her rights.
When a man sleeps with a lot of women.... ....he's called a stud. When a woman sleeps with a lot of men, she's called your mum. -Another gem by Jimmy Carr
A construction site worker told his boss "Boss, the shovel broke ! What should i do now?" to which the boss replies "We're out of shovels. Go lean on something else !"
Irish cream The only cow in a small town in Ireland stopped giving milk. Then the town folk found they could buy a cow in Scotland quite cheaply. So, they brought the cow over from Scotland. It was absolutely wonderful, It produced lots of milk every day and everyone was happy. They bought a bull to mate with the cow to get more cows, So they'd never have to worry about their milk supply again. They put the bull in the pasture with the cow but no matter what approach the bull tried, the cow would move away from the bull. The people were very upset and decided to go to The Vet, who was very wise, tell him what was happening and ask his advice. " The Vet rubbed his chin thoughtfully and pondered this Before asking, "Did you by chance, buy this cow in Scotland ?" The people were dumbfounded, since no one had ever mentioned that they had brought the cow over from Scotland . "You are truly a wise Vet," they said. "How did you know we got the cow from Scotland ? The Vet replied with a distant look in his eye: "My wife is from Scotland "
Fifty bucks is fifty bucks! Buddy and his wife Edna went to the state fair every year, and every year Buddy would say, 'Edna, I'd like to ride in that helicopter' Edna always replied, 'I know Buddy, but that helicopter ride is fifty bucks, and fifty bucks is fifty bucks' One year Buddy and Edna went to the fair, and Buddy said, 'Edna, I'm 85 years old. If I don't ride that helicopter, I might never get another chance' To this, Edna replied, "Buddy that helicopter ride is fifty bucks, and fifty bucks is fifty bucks' The pilot overheard the couple and said, 'Folks I'll make you a deal. I'll take the both of you for a ride. If you can stay quiet for the entire ride and don't say a word I won't charge you a penny! But if you say one word it's fifty dollars.' Buddy and Edna agreed and up they went. The pilot did all kinds of fancy manoeuvres, but not a word was heard. He did his daredevil tricks over and over again, but still not a word... When they landed, the pilot turned to Buddy and said, 'By golly, I did everything I could to get you to yell out, but you didn't. I'm impressed!' Buddy replied, 'Well, to tell you the truth, I almost said something when Edna fell out, but you know, Fifty bucks is fifty bucks!'
Why can't R2D2 walk? Because he has MS-DOS
I don't like rape jokes... they always feel forced.
The best memory ever Two old men are talking together on a bench. - Old #1 : My memory is so bad I can't even remember the movie I saw last night - Old #2 : I don't have this problem. I watched a great movie yesterday. It was ... em ... you know, this beautifull flower usually red or pink, how do you call it ? - Old #1 : A rose ? - Old #2 : That's it : Rose. Rose, my dear, what was the name of the movie we watched last night ?
Did you hear about the two peanuts walking down the street? One was a salted.
The best jokes are the ones that cause the audience to groan. So I suppose the best of the best cause constipation.
Three Blondes Three blondes were walking in the woods when they came across a set of tracks. The first blonde said, "Hey guys, look at the bear tracks." The second blonde said, "Are you stupid? Those are wolf tracks." The third blonde said, "You're both wrong! Those are fox tracks!" They were all still arguing when the train hit them.
Why shouldn't you drink Diet Coke after having sex? Because then you'll have TWO aftertastes to get rid of!
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat? When She fits in your wife's clothes.
What do you do when your dishwasher breaks? Get a new wife
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...
Shy 6 year old needs your knock knock jokes! My daughter is 6 and extremely shy. I talked to her teacher after the first 9 weeks of school and he said that she wouldn't even talk to him. She brought home her school work every day because she was too shy to ask for help when she got stuck in class AND she wouldn't ask to go to the bathroom which lead to other fun problems. After we talked I started to think of what might help her and for some reason Knock Knock Jokes popped in to my head. Since the meeting with her teacher I've had her tell him a joke every day and she hasn't brought home any unfinished work, hasn't had any bathroom issues and the other kids in the class actually hear her voice! Now we run into the problem...I'm running out of jokes! I've found a few great sites with jokes for kids but I have to find ones that she actually gets so it makes sense to her when she tells them. I need help finding more and who could possibly be better to turn to than /r/Jokes? If you have an awesome Knock Knock Joke for my daughter to tell her teacher could you please post it here? **tl;dr My daughter is super shy and knock knock jokes are helping her come out of her shell but I'm running out of jokes and need more for her to tell her teacher.**
What's the difference... ...between Mick Jagger and an angry Scotsman? One says "Hey, you, get off of my cloud!" The other says "Hey, McLeod, get off of my ewe!"
A Sober Irishman... .
I would like to tell you guys a joke... ...but I'd rather keep it about the film.
I just got a girl pregnant, now ill finally have a little brother.
The Philadelphia eagles Punchline in title.
Why should you always invite Amish people to a party? They know how to raise the roof.
First Day at the Rest Home This is one of my favorite jokes. Also, my first post on Reddit. Be gentle: An old man is checking into a rest home with his son. The old man is apprehensive about the place, but the son is reassuring. "Don't worry, Dad," says the son. "You'll like it here." They finish unpacking and the son leaves, promising to come back the next day. When the son returns the next day, his dad is quiet and shaken up. "You've got to get me out of here, son," says the old man. "Why? What happened?" "Well, I was just sitting in my room, minding my own business, when I got a hard on," says the old man. "Out nowhere, this buxom blonde nurse walks into the room and gives me the best blowjob I've ever had in my life." "Well, that's great news, Dad. I don't see what the problem is," the son says, puzzled. "I'll tell you," says the old man. "Later, when I was walking down the hallway, I fell down. Out of nowhere, this large, burly orderly appears, and he pulls down my pants and has his way with me." "Oh my god!" says the son. He tries to reason with his father. "Well, I guess you have to take the good with the bad, right?" "You don't understand," says the old man. "I get a hard on every two months. I fall down everyday."
A rich guy is having a fancy party... So he calls the attention of all his guests and says, "Ladies and gents, behind you is a swimming pool with an alligator in it. Whoever is brave enough to swim across it and survive shall be rewarded fifty thousand dollars." While everyone is still staring at the rich man, there is a loud splash. To everyone's amazement there is a man swimming across the pool as hard as possible and barely makes it to the other side. The rich man says, "Congratulations! Here is your check for fifty thousand dollars." The man, soaking wet says, "I don't want!". "You don't want it?" Again he says "I don't want it!" "Well how about 50 thousand dollars in cash?" again, "I don't want it!!" "How about my beautiful daughter? You can have her." yet again, "I don't want her!!" The rich man then says, "Well what do you want?" to which the other guy says, "I want the motherfucker that pushed me in the pool!!"
Three Nuns at Pearly Gates. So three nuns simultaneously die and go to the gates of St. Peter. Whilst there, St. Peter approaches the nuns and says: "I'm sorry girls, but heaven's getting pretty full now. There's this new policy that I have to ask you guys a religious-trivia question before i can let you in". The nuns agree. So St. Peter approaches the first: "What was the name of the first Man?" The 1st nun replies: "Adam." Peter: "Right, you're in." The first nun then appears on the other side of the gates. St. Peter goes to the 2nd nun: "What part of Adam was Eve made from?" 2nd Nun: "The Ribs." Peter: "Right, you're in." He goes to the final nun: "Right, I can see that you're the head-nun here so I'm going to ask you a tougher one... What was the first thing Eve said to Adam?" 3rd nun replies: "Wow, that's a hard one" "Right, you're in."
How to tell if you're girlfriend is TOO fat. When she sits on your face and you can't hear your stereo any more.
A guy goes to a football game A guy is excited to go to a football game for the first time. He picks up his ticket from the ticket window, makes his way up to the stands, finds his seat, and gets settled in. A few minutes later the game starts, and he hears a voice call out from somewhere behind him: "Charlie! Hey Charlie! Turn around, I'm up here!" The guy turns around and looks at the sea of people behind him, but doesn't see anyone he recognizes, so he turns his attention back to the game. A few minutes later the same voice calls out from behind him: "Hey Charlie! I'm back here you goddamn idiot, turn around!!!" The guy turns around again, stands up to get a better view, and searches the crowd for a few minutes, but he still doesn't see anyone. A few minutes later the same voice calls out a third time: "Hey Charlie! Are you blind or something! Turn around, I'm back here!" At this point the guy is furious. He stands up, turns around, and yells into the crowd at the top of his lungs "Jesus Fucking Christ, MY NAME'S NOT CHARLIE!!!"
Snail and Turtle A snail and a turtle are lost in the desert and of course they are very thirsty. One day they see something shimmering far away. It takes them weeks to get to the spot but they find a full bottle of coke. Problem is how to open it. First the snail tries with its little mouth but nothing happens. Then the turtle tries but again, no luck. So the turtle suggest that one of them should go back to get a bottle opener while the other stays and looks after the bottle. They take a while but in the end the turtle gives in and agrees to go. "Under one condition", he warns, "that you don't try and open the bottle while I am away and drink it all on your own." He makes the snail swear and the snail agrees. So off he goes. It takes weeks for him to just disappear from view. So the snail settles down and waits. Weeks pass and then months. The snail calculates that the turtle may have reached home yet. More weeks and more months pass and the snail calculates that he should be halfway back. More month pass and the snail calculates that he should be back soon. When the time comes that the turtle should be back, the snail gives him a few more weeks, just in case. Two tears have passed and the snail thinks that maybe the turtle has forgotten about him or that maybe something happened to him and he will never come back, so with a big sigh he decides that he might as well try once more to open the bottle of coke by himself. As his little mouth wraps around the lid and he starts chewing, he sees the turtle come out from behind a nearby cactus saying: "Damn, I knew I couldn't trust you."
A doctor just recently had sex with one of his patient.. ..and he really feels bad about it. - **poof** a little devil appears on his left shoulder and speaks to him; "Come on bro! Its not that bad. Many doctors fuck with their patients and it was awesome!" - **poof** A little angel appears on his right shoulder "Duuuuude, you re a vet!!"
Two bulls, one young and one hold crest a hill. In the valley below, there is a large herd of cows. The young one immediately gets excited and says to the old bull, "Hey man, we should run down there and bang one of 'em." The old bull just smiles slyly while looking at the young bull and says: "How about we walk down there and bang all of them?"
What do you do when you are riding on the back of a zebra, right next to a camel, and a lion won't stop chasing you? Get off the carousel, dumb ass. You're drunk.
A man is looking to buy a house in England, in the West Midlands... An estate agent asks the man about what he is looking for in a house and the man says, "Well I'd like it to have at least four bedrooms, a nice dining room and I'd also really like a large garden. Oh, and it MUST be an east-facing garden. If it faces West, I won't buy it." The estate agent looks puzzled at this and asks him "May I ask why it's so important that the garden faces east?" and the man responds, "because for that sort of money, I'm not going to sit in my garden and face Wales." True story.
Why the java programmer wear glasses? He couldn't C#
What's the difference between Hitler and Ronald McDonald? One of them is red and the other one is dead. LOLZ
Why was the electron mad? Well, it doesn't really matter...
Crikey, more sad news from the world of technology: Anti-virus developer John McAfee is appearing in court for manslaughter... They estimate the trial could last for 30 days.
A Cucumber, a pickle and a penis.... were sitting around one day arguing over who had the worse life. The cucumber starts by saying "I've got it the worst. Whenever I get big and hard, someone picks me, cuts me and puts me in salad." The pickle looks at him and says "I have it way worse. Whenever I get big and hard someone picks me and throws me in a jar full of smelly juice." The penis then pipes up and says "You both have it so easy. Whenever I get big and hard, someone grabs me, puts a tarp over me, throws me in a dark room and bangs my head against a wall until I throw up and pass out."
A cowboy rides up to the bar.. and hitches his horse to the post, walks behind the horse, lifts its tail, and kisses its ass. The bartender notices but doesn't want to cause any trouble so just ignores it. The cowboy comes in and orders a drink, every 20 min the cowboy gets up, walks outside and lifts the horses tail, and kisses its ass. After a few more times the bartender can't take it any more and asks him "Hey cowboy I have to ask, why do you keep kissin' your horses ass?" Cowboy: "Well, I have chapped lips" Bartender: "So are ya' sayin' that will cure chapped lips?" Cowboy: "Nope ... but it sure keeps me from lickin' em!"
Three married couples, one Jewish, one Irish, and one Greek, all die on the same day.. Three married couples, one Jewish, one Irish, and one Greek, all die on the same day and arrive at the gates of Heaven. St. Peter asks the Jewish man why he deserves to be in Heaven. He replies, "I've been a pious Jew all my life, I attended synagogue every Saturday, and I raised a lot of money for Jewish causes." "And what is your wife's name?" St. Peter asks. "Penny," the man replies. "Penny?!!" shouts St. Peter. "You Jews are all alike. Money, money, money. You even married a woman whose name has to do with money! Get out of my sight! You are damned to Hell!" Then St. Peter asks the Irishman why he deserves to be in Heaven. "I've been a devout Catholic throughout my life, attended church every Sunday, and always gave generously to the collection plate." "And what's your wife's name?" St. Peter asks. "Brandy," the Irishman replies. "Brandy?!! You Irish are all alike. Drink, drink, drink. You even married a woman whose name is a type of alcohol. Get out of my sight! You are damned to Hell!" With that, the Greek guy turns to his wife and says, "Fanny, I think we have a problem..."
Did you hear about the new Kanye track? Its the one about the lesbians riding three wheeled bicycles on a naturally occuring water dam? Its just dykes on trikes on dikes.
What does Santa and his elves listen to in their Christmas workshop? WRAP MUSIC!
I've never been good with 'pick-up' lines I once said to this girl, "Hey, you get fries with that shake?" It turns out she had Parkinson's.
How does a black woman fight crime? She has an abortion.
Came across this in defensive driving school... A police officer pulls a guy over for speeding and has the following exchange: Officer: May I see your driver's license? Driver: I don't have one. I had it suspended when I got my 5th DUI. Officer: May I see the owner's card for this vehicle? Driver: It's not my car. I stole it. Officer: The car is stolen? Driver: That's right. But come to think of it, I think I saw the owner's card in the glove box when I was putting my gun in there. Officer: There's a gun in the glove box? Driver: Yes sir. That's where I put it after shot and killed the woman who owns this car and stuffed her in the trunk. Officer: There's a BODY in the TRUNK?!?!? Driver: Yes, sir. Hearing this, the officer immediately called his captain. The car was quickly surrounded by police, and the captain approached the driver to handle the tense situation. Captain: Sir, may I see your license? Driver: Sure. Here it is. It was valid. Captain: Whose car is this? Driver: It's mine, officer. Here's the owner's card. The driver owned the car. Captain: Could you slowly open your glove box so I can see if there's a gun in it? Driver: Yes, sir, but there's no gun in it. Sure enough, there was nothing in the glove box. Captain: Would you mind opening your trunk? I was told you said there's a body in it. Driver: No problem. Trunk is opened; no body. Captain: I don't understand it. The officer who stopped you said you told him you didn't have a license, stole the car, had a gun in the glove box,and that there was a dead body in the trunk. Driver: Really? Ain't that something? And I'll bet the lying sucker told you I was speeding, too.
I met a girl who said she'd met me at Vegetarian club... But I swear I've never seen herbivore!
I arranged a Reddit meet up for /r/sexaddicts... ...and everyone came!
A Pole was playing chess.. .
I have nothing to eat All i have is a bunch of old vegetables, but all they do is talk about Vietnam.
Mexicans... What do you call 3 white guys pushing a car up a hill? White power. What do you call 3 black guys pushing a car up a hill? Black power. What do you call 3 Mexican guys pushing a car up a hill? Grand Theft Auto.
I asked a Jewish girl for her number.. ..do she rolled up her sleeve.
Two prostitutes were talking about clients... When one of them points to the Mercedes across the street. "You see that car, the owner afforded it because of me" she said with a smile on her face "You know, that's not how it works, we don't give them money, they give it to us" the second said confused. "Yeah, I know, before he met me, he had the money to buy a Ferrari"
What do you do when you come across Santa on New Years Eve? You wipe it off and apologize.
Aha!! Okay, so there is this hippy boarding a bus after a long day of being a hippy. As he gets on he turns back a little and sees a 10/10 babe walking down the street. He turns to the bus driver (middle aged man) and says, "hey dude, see that chick? How can I get her to fuck me?" the bus driver replies "I'm not sure, but I know her father recently died and she goes to the cemetery every night to pray for him, if that helps". The hippy gets an idea. He goes to the cemetery that night, dressed as Jesus and awaits the arrival of the girl. She comes and starts praying. The hippy, dressed as Jesus, jumps out of the bush and says "I am jesus. Have sex with me and I will bring your father back to life". The girl believes him and says, "okay, but fuck my ass only, I'm saving my virginity for someone special" hippyjesus says okay and starts fucking her ass. After he finishes he rips off his costume and yells "AHA!! I'm the hippy!!!!" then the chick gets up, rips off her costume and yells "AHA!! I'm the bus driver!!!!"
Too smart for the first grade.. A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students. The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?" Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is! I think I should be in the 3rd grade too!" Ms. Brooks had enough. She took Harry to the principal's office. While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test. If he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the 1st grade and behave. She agreed. Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed to take the test. Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know. The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rdgrade." Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" The principal wondered why would she ask such a question! Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?" Harry: "Pants." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open. Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." The principal was trembling. Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last six questions wrong... "
Nuns In Heaven So three nuns simultaneously die and go to the gates of St. Peter. Whilst there, St. Peter approaches the nuns and says: "I'm sorry girls, but heaven's getting pretty full now. There's this new policy that I have to ask you guys a religious-trivia question before i can let you in". The nuns agree. So St. Peter approaches the first: "What was the name of the first Man?" The 1st nun replies: "Adam." Peter: "Right, you're in." The first nun then appears on the other side of the gates. St. Peter goes to the 2nd nun: "What part of Adam was Eve made from?" 2nd Nun: "The Ribs." Peter: "Right, you're in." He goes to the final nun: "Right, I can see that you're the head-nun here so I'm going to ask you a tougher one... What was the first thing Eve said to Adam?" 3rd nun replies: "Wow, that's a hard one" "Right, you're in." The nun fainted.
Vet Fucks A Dog (or a Cat, maybe) but doesnt know until the punchline. ..and he really feels bad about it. poof a little devil appears on his left shoulder and speaks to him; "Come on bro! Its not that bad. Many doctors fuck with their patients and it was awesome!" poof A little angel appears on his right shoulder "Duuuuude, you re a vet!!" The Vet fainted. _  / \   /| \  (_| /_)   `@/ \ _  | \ \\  \|| \ ))   |||\ / \//  _//|| _\ /  (_/(_|(____/
There were two fish in a tank... one turns to the other and says "do you know how to drive this thing?"
Drunk driver Jim's car is swerving all over the road so a cop pulls him over, "Step out of the car" says the cop, "I am going to need you to take a breathalyzer test." "I can't", Jim responds "You see I have very bad asthma, that can set off an attack." "Alright," says the cop, "then you're going to have to take a blood test." "Can't do that either," Jim responds, "I am a hemophiliac, if a wound is opened, I won't stop bleeding, and I could bleed to death." "Ok," the cop answers "then I will need a urine sample." "Sorry," says Jim "I also have diabetes, that could push my sugar count really low." "Fine, so just come on out, and walk a straight line for me." "Can't do that either" responds Jim. "Why not?" Demanded the exasperated cop. "Well, because I'm drunk!"
Talking Dirty What did the Italian wife say during sex? Pasta, pasta! What did the Indian wife say during sex? Curry, curry!
The Expensive Prostitute Man walks into a bar, sees a pretty woman and strikes up a conversation, discovers she's a prostitute. He says, "I've never done this before but what the hell, how much for a hand job?" She says $500. He is appalled, "$500?! How is that possible?" She says, "Do you see that mercedes outside? That's my mercedes. I paid for it giving handjobs, I give the best hand jobs in the world. And they cost $500." So he's curious, pays the $500, gets the hand job, it's the best thing he's ever felt. Exceeds imagination. Next day he goes back into the bar, straight back to the girl, "OK, I want a blow job, how much?" She replies, "$3000." Once again he can't believe it, and she says, "Do you see that mansion down the block? That's my mansion and I paid for it giving blowjobs. I give the best blowjobs in the world and they're $3000." So he goes for it and it's totally worth the money, it's the most pleasure he's ever experienced. Finally, day three, he goes in and says, "Enough of this, time for the real thing. I want some pussy, how much for some pussy?" She says, "Do you see that shopping mall down the street? If I had a pussy I'd own that, too." [source](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ouihp/what_is_the_most_shameless_joke_you_have_ever/c3k6o5n)
Shrodingers cat walks in to a bar and doesn't.
"Give it to me!" she yelled "Give it to me!" She yelled. "I'm so fucking wet, give it to me now!" She could scream all she wanted. I was keeping the umbrella.
Does your Dick touch your Asshole? A small boy walks out onto a porch where his grandfather is sitting and asks "Grandpa, can I have a beer?". The grandfather looks at him and asks "Does your Dick touch your Asshole?". The boy look disgusted and said "Yuck! No, why would I want it to??" The grandpa looks down and says "When your Dick touches your Asshole, you'll be a man, until then you are not allowed to have a beer. The boy goes back inside. He comes back out and asks if he could have a cigarette. his grandpa once again asked "Does your Dick touch your Asshole?" The child looked sad and said "No". Yet again the old man said "When your Dick touches your Asshole, you'll be a man. Until then you are not allowed to have a Cigarette." The boy goes back inside, defeated. He comes back out on the porch a final time, this time holding a tray of cookies. The grandpa says "How about giving me some of those cookies?". The boy looks down at the cookies, then asks "Does your Dick touch your Asshole Grandpa?". Smugly the grandfather put his hands on his hips and said "Why yes it does" The boy quickly retorted "Good, Then you can go Fuck yourself. You can't have any of my cookies!"
[Request]Lance Armstrong Jokes So I know it's strange, but apparently I've been asked to find some, so I'm turning to the internet's first authority on jokes. Other non-PC jokes are also welcome, but Lance Armstrong jokes are my top priority, if you would all be so kind. Thank you in advance :)
Why are cowgirls Bowlegged? Because Cowboys eat with their Hats on.
Am thinking of watching "Les Miserables". Am dying to find out why this dude Les is so sad. If I could just meet this Les guy and cheer him up, he'd be... (wait for it)... less miserable. :P
An old guy with a horrible toupee stopped me in the parking lot to tell me this random joke...made me crack up. How do you get down from an elephant?? YOU DON'T! You get down from a goose!!
3 guys are stranded on an island of cannibals.... Three men are stranded on an island and caught by cannibals. The cannibals tell the three men to go into the jungle and bring back 5 pieces of fruit and they might let them live. All three men go into the forest to find fruit, and the first man comes back with 5 oranges. The cannibals say if he can shove all 5 oranges up his butt without screaming in pain them they will let him live. the man screams in pain on the second orange and the cannibals kill him. the second man come back with 5 cherries and the cannibals tell him if he can shove all 5 cherries up his butt without laughing they will let him live. the man gets to the fourth cherry and starts laughing uncontrollably. Therefore the cannibals kill him. In heaven the two men meet up and the first man goes up to the second and says "what the hell? why did you laugh?" and the second man replies with a smile on his face "i saw the third guy coming back with pineapples!"
Someone said you sound like an owl. Who?
A distant relative of mine died and I came into some money... but my friends told me that I have a weird fetish.
What did the lizard get at home depot? Reptile.
Why was the snake soft? He had reptile dysfunction.
Two Irishmen walk out of a bar
Well, I was going to make a joke about pizza, but it was too cheesy...
I've been considering studying abroad... ...but I'm afraid she might notice.
How many Frenchmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just one to hold it in place while the rest of Europe runs circles around it.
Take me down to the paraphrase city. Where it's nice.
A man was having sex with his wife one night... "Deeper... deeper..." she moaned. The man, not having finished, pulls out and starts getting dressed. The woman is surprised and asks "What's wrong baby?" The man snaps back, "Deeper, deeper?! How about I coo in your ear tighter, tighter!
What do you get when The Dark Knight meets Edgar Allan Poe? (x-post from r/funny) [Poetic Justice](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_me6ovqdnAp1rzkyaxo1_500.png)
What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation? A radical equation.
What's the difference between a politician and an actor? One acts solely for money, the other is the actor.
Why are Catholics the worst drivers? They always pull out at the last second (usually to avoid a child).
What is the best tool for getting a handle on your gambling addiction? A vice grip.
Best time to watch German rape porn? Nein! Ooooo nein!
Don't you hate it when dontyouhateitwhenpeopledontusespaces
Four men walk into an upmarket bar... One is Malaysian, one Laotian, one Burmese and the other Vietnamese. As they walk in, the doorman stops them and says, "sorry gentlemen, I can't let you in without a Thai."
How do you make a cat sounds like a dog? Douse it in gasoline and set it on fire. *WOOF*!
I was having a look... In my mothers bedroom the other day and I found a whip, a mask and handcuffs in her wardrobe. I couldn't believe it... My mothers a superhero!!!!!
just another beiber joke A local FM Radio was running a contest, and I phoned up. The RJ said, "Congratulations on being our first caller, all you have to do is answer the following question correctly, to win our grand prize." "That's fantastic!" I shouted in delight. "Feel confident?" she asked. "It's a maths question." "Well, I've got a Masters in maths and am damn good at it," I proudly replied. "Ok then, to win our grand prize of 2 front row seats to a "Justin Beiber's" concert and to meet him back stage. What is 2+2?" I replied, "7" :| :p =D
A woman was having sex in an apartment 20 floors high with another man. She then heard her husband coming.. She told her lover to stand like robot and not to move. Husband: What is this? Wife: This is a robot i bought to have sex with when you are traveling... Husband: Okay.. Lets have sex now... Wife: No sweetheart.. Yesterday i got my period, so i will go and make a cup of coffee for you.. After she left the husband said: Damn i am so horny, i will fuck this robot... He tried fucking the robot . The man started talking in a metallic robotic way.. "System error Wrong hole System error Wrong hole.." Husband: Damn robot is not working properly.. I am throwing it out of the window.. The lover realized that he was on the 20th floor he said: "SOFTWARE UPDATED" "PLEASE TRY AGAIN"=D =))
The thief can't help laughing! Two thieves are robbing a house when they hear a noise. One of them decides to slightly open the door and peeks out. The owner of the house sees him and hits him with a bat. The thief quickly gets back to the room, and the other one asks him what's happening, confused, to what the first thief answers: "You take a look, I can't help laughing!"
What are some funny offensive jokes? Title
An officer routinely waits outside the bar... An officer routinely waits outside the bar in his squad car on the weekends to get an easy catch on the drunk drivers. This particular night on his early patrols he passes a large group of regulars walking into the bar. He makes a mental note to come back and wait. A few hours later the officer pulls into his spot up the street to wait for an obvious drunkard to walk out. After about 30 minutes, the first man of the group to leave barges out the door and stumbles onto the sidewalk. He stops, stares one way up the road, then lazily stares the other way before making a decision on where he left his car. He starts to fumble in his pockets looking for his keys. After a few stubborn attempts to pull them from his pocket, he does so, and promptly drops them to the ground. The office cracks a smile as he watches the man make several passes at leaning down to retrieve his keychain. His buddies, done drinking themselves, walk quietly out the bar, and chuckle as they watch their friend struggling up the street, then head on their way. Finally, the man has his keys, and after a few tries at the lock, is sitting in his car. He spends a few minutes checking his mirrors, checking and double checking his seatbelt as he prepares for the journey home. The man turns the ignition, signals left and pulls into the street with a quick lurch. The officer immediately lights him up and the man pulls over. The officer walks up to the window and asks the man if he's been drinking. The man lets out a long breath, struggling to keep eye contact and blurts out: "No Occifer....not a single cent...errr, drop." The officer has him step out of the car and tells him that 'just to be sure', he will need to take a breathalyzer. The man begins to panic as his friends drive by on the way home shaking their heads in shame. The officer has him blow into the machine, and it comes back with a miraculous 0.001. The officer, a little shaken by the number, resets the machine and has him blow again. This time a 0.000! The officer mutters under his breath. "There must be something wrong with the machine...We'll have to give you a roadside sobriety test, and we'll take you into the office for a BAC." The man starts to get a slight grin on his face as he begins the test. He passes the test with flying colors, and the officer is getting very upset. "I saw you barely make it to your car just a minute ago....how are you magically acting sober?!?!" "Well you see officer, I haven't been drinking, I'm the *designated decoy*!"
A koala was sitting in a tree smoking a joint... when a lizard walks up and says "Hey koala what are you doing?" The koala answers "Smoking a joint, come up and have some." The lizard climbs up and the two share the joint. After a while the lizard says his mouth is dry and excuses himself to a nearby river to have a drink. The lizard, so stoned, leans over too far and falls in. A crocodile swims out to rescue him. When they get onto dry land, the croc asks, "What's wrong with you, lizard?" The lizard tells him that he was smoking a joint with a koala, and he got too stoned and fell in while taking a drink. The croc has to see this for himself, so he asks the lizard to take him to the koala. When they get back to the tree, the croc looks up at the koala and says "Hey, you." The koala looks down and says "Shiiiit dude, how much water did you drink?"
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? White vans. *rimshot*
The Mermaid A poor farmer with 3 sons comes out of the house one morning to find his 1 dairy cow dead in the field. Lamenting the loss of his one source of income, the farmer decides to ask the magical Mermaid for help. He walks down to the river and sees the Mermaid lounging on a rock. He pleads the Mermaid to bring his cow back to life. The Mermaid agrees, but only if he can satisfy her sexually for at least 1 hour. The farmer is disgusted and refuses to fuck a fish. The Mermaid becomes angry and kills the farmer. The oldest brother who is about 24yrs old wakes and sees the dead cow as well. He reaches the same conclusion as his father and goes to see the Mermaid. She tells him she will bring back his father and cow for 2 hours of sexual satisfaction. He manages to swallow his disgust and tries his best. But he can't last and has to stop half way. The Mermaid becomes angry and kills him as well. The second brother who is about 19yrs wakes and see the dead cow as well. He follows his brother's footsteps and asks the Mermaid to bring his family back to life. She agrees to bring back his father, his brother and the cow if he can sexually satisfy her for 3 hours. Begrudingly and seeing no other choice, he commits to the vile act. He gets about half way but can't continue. The Mermaid gets angry and kills him. The youngest brother who is about 16yrs wakes and see the dead cow. He also goes to see the Mermaid. The Mermaid offers him the same deal, except now she must be sexually satisfied for 4hrs. The youngest brother becomes immediately excited and rips off his pants. He doesn't hesitate at all and eagerly runs to the Mermaid. Right before he begins he hesitates. "Wait a minute. If we have sex for 4 hours, how do I know you won't die like the cow?"
ABSTINENCE. Three couples went in to see the minister to see how to become members of his church. The minister said that they would have to go without sex for two weeks and then come back and tell him how it went. The first couple was retired, the second couple was middle-aged and the final couple was newlywed. Two weeks went by, and the couples returned to the minister. The retired couple said it was no problem at all. The middle-aged couple said it was tough for the first week, but after that, it was no problem. The newlyweds said it was fine until she dropped the can of paint. "Can of PAINT!" exclaimed the minister. "Yeah," said the newlywed man. "She dropped the can and when she bent over to pick it up I had to have her right there and then. Lust took over." The minister just shook his head and said that they were not welcome in the church. "That's okay," said the man. "We're not welcome in Home Depot either."
Bank on it.. A man and a woman meet in an elevator. "Where are you heading today?" the man asks. "I'm going down to give blood." "How much do you get paid for giving blood?" "About $20." "Wow," says the man, "I'm going up to donate sperm, and the sperm bank pays $100." The woman angrily gets off the elevator. The next day, the man and woman meet in the elevator again. "Fancy meeting you again. Where you off to today?" "Sperm bank," she says with her mouth full.
Mick visits Bob... Bob had broken his leg and his buddy Mick comes over to see him. Mick - How you doing? Bob - Fine. Hey will you do me a favor... go upstairs and get me my fuckin slippers. My feet are fuckin freezin. Mick goes up and sees Bob's hot 21 year old twin sisters lying on the bed. He tells 'em - Your brother sent me up to have sex with both of you. They say "Prove it." Mick shouts "Bob... both of them?" Bob shouts back "Of course!! Whats the point of fuckin one?"
Birthday present An alcoholic looked at his calendar and noticed it was almost his sons 18th birthday. Being a drunk, he did not see his son very often, but felt he had to give something to his son for this momentous occasion. Having blown all his money on booze, he had an idea... Two days later his son got an envelope with a birthday card: "Dear son, Congratulations on your 18th birthday. I am so proud of you and all you accomplished. I heard you even got into a good college! Because I didn't really know what to get you, I've included a deposit for your college fund. Have a good birthday. Love, Dad P.s. I would have included 200 dollar, but I accidentally sealed the envelope beforehand."
An Italian, an Irishman and a Chinese fellow are hired at a construction site... An Italian, an Irishman and a Chinese fellow are hired at a construction site. The foreman points out a huge pile of sand and says to the Italian guy, "Your're in charge of sweeping," to the Irishman, "You're in charge of shoveling, and to the Chinese guy, "And you're in charge of supplies. "Now, I have to leave for a little while. I expect you guys to make a dent in that pile." So the foreman goes away for a couple hours, and when he returns, the pile of sand is untouched. He says to the Italian, "Why didn't you sweep any of it?" The Italian replies, "I didn't have a broom. You said the Chinese guy was in charge of supplies, but he disappeared and I couldn't find him." So then the foreman turn to the Irishman and asks why he didn't shovel. The Irishman replies, "I couldn't get myself a shovel. You left the Chinese guy in charge of supplies, but I couldn't find him." The foreman is really ticked off now, and storms off toward the pile of sand looking for the Chinese guy. Just then, the Chinese guy springs out from a closet and yells: "SUPPLIES!"
black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... the bartender says "where did you get that?" parrot says "africa, where else?"
The 15 Dollar Hooker A guy is really horny and wants to have sex, but he doesn't have a girlfriend and is sort of a loser. So, he goes on the street and picks up a $15 hooker. He takes her to a motel and starts fucking her, but runs into a problem: she's crusty and disgusting. He tells her, "I can't do this anymore. I have to stop." She says, "For $5 extra, I'll give you the best fuck you've ever had." The guy thinks it over and thinks it's worth a shot. The girl goes into the bathroom and 20 minutes later, she comes back. They start fucking and it's the best fuck he ever had. He finishes and as he's paying her, he asks, "What did you do to make it so good?" She says, "For $5 extra, I pick the scabs."
What did the cannibal who was late to the dinner party get? The left-ovaries.
A father and his son were out walking the hills on a rainy Sunday afternoon... ... The son sees some cows in one of the fields below them. Excited, he asks the father, "Dad! Let's run down there and fuck one of those cows!" The Dad calmly replies, "Son, let's walk and fuck them all."
Two Drunks and a Dog Two extremely drunk men were stumbling toward home after leaving the bar one night. As they staggered through the backstreets they noticed a dog sitting on his front porch giving his tackle a hearty tongue bath. One of the men turns to the other and says "You know, I wish I could to do that." To which the second replies "I bet if you ask him nicely he very well might let you."
How do you catch a unique rabbit? You 'Neak Up On It.
Three men died on Christmas Eve... Three men died on Christmas Eve and were met by Saint Peter at the pearly gates. "In honor of this holy season" Saint Peter said, "You must each possess something that symbolizes Christmas to get into heaven." The Englishman fumbled through his pockets and pulled out a lighter. He flicked it on. "It's a candle", he said. "You may pass through the pearly gates" Saint Peter said. The Scotsman reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of keys. He shook them and said, "They're bells." Saint Peter said "You may pass through the pearly gates". The Irishman started searching desperately through his pockets and finally pulled out a pair of women's panties. St. Peter looked at the man with a raised eyebrow and asked, "And just what do those symbolize?" The Paddy replied, "These are Carols".
A man has to take a shit.. While driving down an isolated highway with his buddy. They can't find a nearby restroom so he musters up the courage to go do his business outside. But he asks his friend, 'what should I wipe with.' His friend replies, 'Use a dollar? I don't know, man!' So he goes off to do his thing and later comes back with shit-covered hands. 'What did you do!?' His buddy shouted. 'Well it's hard to wipe your ass with 2 quarters, 4 dimes, and 2 nickels!'
So a Panda walks into a restaurant... And the host, thinking this is a little out of the ordinary, asks the panda if he is here to eat. "Of course." says the panda. A little ashamed, the host walks the panda to a table and tells him the waiter will be along shortly. Soon enough the waiter comes along and asks the panda what he would like to eat. "Oh, I'll have some macaroni and cheese if that's alright." replied the panda. Off the waiter goes and promptly returns with some Mac &amp; Cheese. The panda, delighted, eats it all up rather quickly and is very gracious of the cooking whenever the waiter comes to inquire about the food. Finally, at the end of the meal, the waiter comes with the check. The panda gets up, brushes himself off a little, and proceeds to pull out the gun and shoot the waiter dead. The panda casually walks out of the restaurant. Now, obviously it's not okay for pandas to go around shooting waiters so the authorities are called to track him down. The panda is found wandering the streets downtown and is promptly arrested for murder and brought to the precinct, where he is soon questioned. "Hey! You can't do this to me!" roars the panda in defiance. "Of course we can! You shot a waiter in cold blood tonight!" replies the police chief. "It's my right, why, it's in the dictionary!" retorts the panda. Sure enough the police look it up in the dictionary and let the panda off on the charges. Panda (noun) - a white-and-black, bearlike mammal, now rare and restricted to forest areas of central China that also eats shoots and leaves.
What starts with "c" and ends with "unt" cunt.
The proud Taxi Driver I asked a cab driver the other day if he had ever seen the show cash cab. In my head I have this cheesy laugh, haha "I asked him about a taxi show and hes a taxi DRIVER! Hilarious Joe!" I didn't even give a shit what his answer was the only thought that was goin through my head for however long it took him to answer was "man what a clever question." Well this funny thought was interrupted by the ridiculously angry look that came upon the mans face. Was my cleverness unknowingly rudeness? My joke wasn't funny . I was so curious that this time I had to listen to what he was going to say. He goes, "I don't know that...FUCKERS name" seriously he screamed the word fucker in the middle of that statement, "but hes a fucking sellout." I couldn't believe my ears. This has to be the only cab driver in the entire world that wouldn't trade places with that dude with the snap of a finger. You're telling me this man, and I can comfortably call him a man for making such a prideful statement back there, would not be able to accept this job after having given thousands of shitty people rides from one side of the city to the other for how many years because his morals just won't allow for it!? UNBELIEVABLE! And the thing is, everyone involved with that show has a good time, especially the driver. Who wouldn't love to see some greedy motherfucker lose 1000$ cuz he couldn't settle for just one grand. This is where the term shove it in their face comes from. I'd be so giddy and impatient to hear his answer on "why couldn't you stop at 1000$, now you have nothing and might not be able to buy groceries this month?".. so ready to hear his answer that I would shove a mic all the way through the mans mouth to the back of his throat so that I didn't miss a syllable. "What's that? You can't breathe and therefore are unable to talk to me? Well you shoulda thought of that before u wagered all that money hahaha." Cut to commercial.. "will this craaazzzyyy cab driver stop shoving it in the mans face and let him explain his case? Find out after these messages. Ohh wow, this is the fun that the man driving my cab turned down so that he could maybe get tipped five bucks from my cheap ass because of the moral dilemma that is clouding his judgement. He takes too much pride in giving people miserable rides for shitty tips to go and sell out like the man on the television did. First of all you should have figured that the man wasn't selling out on his fellow taxi comrades because hes gotta be a fucking actor never was or probably never will be a cab driver. What was this man thinking? Does he watch superman and say to himself "boy supermans a fuckin sellout, he gets rich off of showing people he can fly and save shit from dying. If I met that fucker I'd shove kryptonite up his asshole, thinkin hes better than the rest of us, pfff" people its tv and movies..if you want something real than pay money to watch me make you laugh haha.
My friends all say I'm extremely condescending... ...that means I talk down to people.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman? Mick Jagger screams "Hey, you! Get off of my cloud!" A Scotsman screams "Hey, McCloud! Get off of my ewe!"
What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection? A quarter pounder with cheese.
20 reasons why chocolate is better than sex 1. you can *get* chocolate. 2. 'if you love me you'll swallow it' has real meaning with chocolate. 3. chocolate satisfies even when it has gone soft. 4. you can safely have chocolate while driving. 5. you can make chocolate last as long as you want it to. 6. you can have chocolate in front of your mother. 7. if you bite the nuts too hard the chocolate doesn't mind. 8. two people of the same sex can have chocolate without being called nasty names. 9. the word 'commitment' doesn't scare off chocolate. 10. you can have chocolate on top of your worktable or desk during working hours without upsetting your coworkers. 11. you can ask a stranger for chocolate without getting your face slapped. 12. you don't get hairs in your mouth with chocolate. 13. with chocolate there's no need to fake it. 14. chocolate doesn't make you pregnant. 15. you can have chocolate any time of the month. 16. good chocolate is easy to find. 17. you can have as many kinds of chocolate as you can handle. 18. you are never too young or too old for chocolate. 19. when you have chocolate it doesn't keep your neighbors awake. 20. with chocolate, size doesn't matter.
Three men, a blonde, brunette, and a redhead are eating lunch... ... During their break at work. They all pull out their sandwiches and open them up to find out what they got to eat. First the redhead sees that he got ham and exclaims, "Ham again! If I get ham again I'm going to jump off a cliff and kill myself!" Next the brunette opens his sandwich and exclaims, "Turkey again! If I get turkey again I'm going to jump off a cliff and kill myself!" Lastly the blonde opens his sandwich and exclaims, "If I get peanut Butter and jelly one more time I'm going to jump off a cliff and kill myself!" The next day all three men got the same type of sandwich again and proceeded to the nearest cliff and jumped off. Now the wifes are being interviewed: The redheads wife says "If I would have known, I would have never done it!" And burst out crying The brunettes wife says "If I would have known I would have never done it!" And burst out crying. Lastly the blondes wife says "Hey don't look at me, he made his own sandwiches"
What do physics majors do when they hit the club? They torque it..
Three elephants jump off a cliff, two land on the beach, one in the ocean... ba-dum tshh
What do you call a piece of toast on the ceiling? An Ethiopian rave.
I had sex with both of the Olsen twins. But that was before they were famous.
What does a woman do with her asshole when she's having sex? She sends him out to play golf.
Blonde at the doctor's office A gorgeous blonde pays a visit to a gynecologist. She undresses and lays down waiting for the doc. The doc enters the room and he's mesmerized by her beauty, totally loses his mind, and soon, starts having sex with her. She's quiet and not responsive, and the doc asks: You do realize what I'm doing, right? She says: Of course, taking out my herpes.
A guy with a gun enters a bar. "Who the fuck had sex with my wife?" he snarled. A voice was heard in the background, "you don't have enough bullets mate!"
Chronic headaches treatment A man visits a doctor about chronic headaches. The doctor prescribes some medication, and says to the man: "Stress is the source of your headaches. Myself, I do have a lot of stress, and there's nothing better than sex with my wife. [laughing]". Finally, the doc schedules the man for a checkup visit the following month, and the man leaves. Next month, the man returns, and the doctors inquires if his condition has changed. The man says: "The treatment you prescribed really made a difference. I feel like a new person. Thank you." The man, gets up and is about to exit. On the way out he says: "By the way doc, you have a beautiful home."
So my wife walked in on me blowdrying my crotch... And asked me what I was doing. "Just warming up breakfast for you, honey." First post, hope I'm doing this right.
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island they can see land in the distance, and decide to swim for it. The redhead goes first, gets 1/4 of the way there, gets tired and swims back. The brunette manages to swim 1/3 of the way there, but gets tired and swims back. The blonde is able to swim halfway, but gets tired and returns to the island.
Heisenberg and Schrodinger are driving down the highway... After they pass mile marker 16, a state trooper pulls them over for speeding. The trooper goes up to the window and sees Heisenberg behind the wheel. Trooper: "Sir, do you have any idea how fast you were going when you passed that mile marker?" Heisenberg: "Well I certainly don't know now that I know where I was." The trooper arrests them and he decides to search the trunk of the vehicle. Inside he finds a dead cat. He goes back to them sitting in the back of his cruiser and says "Did you know there is a dead cat in your trunk?" Schrodinger: "Well *now* I do!"
the joke is kevin has aids dave goes in a store and he sees kevin in the store. kevin is his arch nemesis and a bad soccer player for the team the great whales and then kevin says with a large grin hello dave how is your soccer team doing this year. well dave is outraged and says my team is doing great we have a secret weapon this year. kevin has the air blown straight out of him when he hears this and goes in his mind "oh no, a secret weaponthere's nothing i can do to stop it" later at the soccer game kevin sees dave and says so dave where is your secret weapon that ive been hearing so much about from you at the grocery store. well it's rigth there says dave as he points at a pile of rocks. but that's just a pile of rocks replied kevin. that's what you think says dave as he falls into a shallow puddle and drowns. oh no, he's dead says kevin as he turns dave onto his back. and he never even had a chance to utilize his secret weapons which is in those rocks over there. so kevin goes to the rocks and begins digging into them. at the bottom of the pile is a golden envelope. kevin opens the envelope and inside is a two movie tickets to ernest goes to camp his secret weapon was friendship says kevin as he weeps bitterly
Two guys go golfing Two guys decide to go golfing. The first guy goes, "hey, so do you need to go buy some golf balls before we go? The second guy says, "no. I've already got one." 1: "What do you mean you only have one? You need more than that." 2: "No, you see, it's a special ball, you can't lose it." 1: "What if you hit it into the water?" 2: "Because there's a high-powered magnet on the ball. Once you activate a switch that's remote controlled to it, it can come right out of the water and roll back to you. It's a special ball, you can't lose it." 1: "What if you hit it against something and break it?" 2: "That's impossible. See, it's made out of a titanium alloy. It's one of the hardest things on Earth, and it's indestructable. It's a special ball, you can't lose it." 1: "What if you hit it into a bush, it gets stuck, and you can't find it?" 2: "No, you see, because it has a special tracker on it. You can figure out where it is no matter where it gets hit. If it gets into into the bush, I can use the tracker and go get it. It's a special ball, you can't lose it." Finally, the first guy goes, "wow! That really is a special ball. Where the hell did you get one of those?" "I found it."
A duck walks into a store and says, "Give me some fucking Chapstick." The clerk says, "Alright, settle down you feathered cunt... How are you going to pay for that?" "Oh, just put it on my bill."
What has 5 balls and rapes the poor? The lottery.
A little boy saw his mother naked.. and asked her, "What is that between your legs?" The woman, having not shaved her pubic hair in a while, says, "It's my wash cloth, darling." The woman shaves her pubic hair that night. A few days later, the boy sees his mother naked again. "Mom, where did your wash cloth go?" "I lost it, darling," his mother replies. A few days after that, the mom comes home to the excited little boy. "Mommy, mommy, I found your wash cloth!!" "Where, darling?" She asked, confused. "The lady next door was washing dad's face with it!"
Is it just me... or are circles pointless?
A short and a long joke * joke * JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKE
Why did Mary and Joseph's WIFI get hacked? Because Jesus WEPt.
What did the late arriving cannibal receive at the dinner party? The cold shoulder.
Une blague en Francais - For french people only Une femme avoue a son mari qu'elle a un fantasme depuis plusieurs annees de faire l'amour pendant qu'un grand noir leur fait du vent avec une feuille de palmier. Apres y avoir bien reflechi, le mari decide de demander a son collegue de l'aider. Le lendemain, ils sont donc tous les 3 (la femme, le mari et le collegue) dans la chambre a coucher. Le mari commence a prendre sa femme pendant que le collegue bouge la feuille de palmier. Apres quelques minutes, sentant que sa femme ne reagit pas tellement, le mari propose a son collegue d'echanger de place avec lui. Et la, la femme crie et pleure de joie pendant que son mari fait bouger la feuille de palmier rapidement. Au bout de quelques minutes la femme finit par jouir comme une folle. Le mari engueule alors son collegue : "Tu vois ! C'est comme ca qu'on doit faire du vent avec une feuille de palmier !!" *N.B. : I have nothing against english it is just easier for me to write this Joke in French.*
Honesty While trying on a jeans, a wife asks her husband. Wife: "Darling, do I look fat in these jeans?" Husband: "Can I be honest with you? Promise me you won't get mad." Wife: "Sure darling, go ahead, I won't be angry." Husband: "I fucked your sister."
New band. I'm starting a new band with 5 homosexual Mexicans. Juan Direction.
I like my women like I like my coffee. On my penis.
The Mathematician one day on a mathematician's birthday, he decides to take the day off and relax, but he decides since its his birthday he will go find some thing "fun" to do. he hops in his car and starts driving around until he stops by a prostitute on the street, he lets her in his car and she asks "what will you like to have" he responded, "i have 13 squared" so confused she grabbed a calculator and told him "okay" with a big grin.
What does a nosy pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
A vampire challenges his friend that he can kill faster than him. The go at the edge of a forest to hunt game. The first vampire goes at it, in 15 minutes returns all bloody after making his kill. The second vampire returns in only 1 minute, face all bloody like the other. His friend is amazed, and asks "How on earth did you do it so quickly?" The other responds: "Do you see that tall tree over behind the first line of trees?" His friend replies: "Sure, yeah. Why?" Gasping, he replies: "I didn't".
The Afghan Quarterback The coach had put together the perfect team for the Chicago Bears. The only thing that was missing was a good quarterback. He had scouted all the colleges and even the Canadian and European Leagues, but he couldn't find a ringer who could ensure a Super Bowl win. Then one night while watching CNN he saw a war-zone scene in Afghanistan . In one corner of the background, he spotted a young Afghan Muslim soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand-grenade straight into a 15th story window 100 yards away. KABOOM! He threw another hand-grenade 75 yards away, right into a chimney. KA-BLOOEY! Then he threw another at a passing car going 90 mph. BULLS-EYE! "I've got to get this guy!" Coach said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings him to the States and teaches him the great game of football. And the Bears go on to win the Super Bowl. The young Afghan is hailed as the great hero of football, and when the coach asks him what he wants, all the young man wants is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl!" "I don't want to talk to you, the old Muslim woman says."You are not my son!" "I don't think you understand, Mother," the young man pleads. "I've won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No! Let me tell you!" his mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives last week, and I have to keep your sister in the house so she doesn't get raped!" The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says, "I will never forgive you for making us move to Chicago!!!!"
A twist on a classic Why is six afraid of seven? Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam. Every time he closes his eyes, he's sees Charlie hiding in the darkness of the forest. Not that you could ever see those bastards, mind you. They were fast and they knew their way around the jungle. He remembers the looks on the boy's faces when they walked into that village and... oh Jesus. He shouldn't think about that now. Sometimes he still hears Tex's slow southern drawl. He remembers the smell of Brooklyn's cigarettes. He always had a pack of Luckys. But the boys are gone now... he knows that. It's--it's just that he forgets sometimes. And sometimes the way that seven looks at him... it makes him think. Sets him on edge. And he feels like he's back there... In the jungle... In the darkness. Seven has a hook for a hand as well, which is very scary.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? Its ok he worked it out with a pencil
The boy and the clown A clown and an 8 year-old boy are walking through a cemetery late at night when the boy becomes frightened and starts crying. "I don't understand what you're scared and crying about" says the clown. "I'm the one who has to walk back alone..."
Two little boys, ages 6 and 8, are excessively mischievous. They are always getting into trouble and their parents know if any mischief occurs in their town, the two boys are probably involved. The boys' mother heard that a preacher in town had been successful in disciplining children, so she asked if he would speak with her boys. The preacher agreed, but he asked to see them individually. The mother sent the 6 year old in the morning, with the older boy to see the preacher in the afternoon. The preacher, a huge man with a deep booming voice, sat the younger boy down and asked him sternly, "Do you know where God is, son?" The boy's mouth dropped open, but he made no response, sitting there wide-eyed with his mouth hanging open. So the preacher repeated the question in an even sterner tone, "Where is God?! Again, the boy made no attempt to answer. The preacher raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the boy's face and bellowed, "WHERE IS GOD?!" The boy screamed &amp; bolted from the room, ran directly home &amp; dove into his closet, slamming the door behind him. When his older brother found him in the closet, he asked, "What happened?" The younger brother, gasping for breath, replied, "We are in BIG trouble this time!" "GOD is missing, and they think WE did it!"
A cargo airplane is transporting patients from a mental hospital. The patients are going all crazy in the cargo playing a soccer with an invisible ball. The pilot has had enough of it, tells the copilot to guide the plane, and goes in the back to make them stop the noise. They stop, the pilot returns to the cabin, but after 5 minutes, it starts all over again. The pilot asks the co-pilot to give it a shot at calming the patients down. The co-pilot goes in the back, the noise stops, and he returns in the cabin. Half an hour later, the plane is quiet. The pilot is impressed and asks the copilot how he did it. The copilot replies: "I told them: soccer is not allowed indoors. You have to take it outside."
I don't see why so many Americans are anti-gay rights. For a country with 4 dads, you would think they'd be more accepting.
George was enjoying his drink at the bar, when an ugly woman takes a seat next to him. She had a squirrel sitting on her shoulder. The woman says to George: "If you can guess what kind of animal I have on my shoulder, I am willing to sleep with you." George says: "It must be a crocodile?" She replies: "Close enough"
Competition at the UN At the UN, three representatives from Italy, France and Russia place a bet that they can recognize the nationality of a woman while being blindfolded. They have their assistants hire three prostitutes from each respective country, blindfold the reps and present the girls. First goes the Italian, and he examines each girl's breasts for about 15 minutes and recognizes the Italian prostitute because of her soft pear like breasts. Next, the French spends 10 minutes examining the girls asses, and identifies the French prostitute. Next, goes the Russian. He only spends 2 minutes and identifies the Russian prostitute. The other two are amazed, and one asked "How did you do it?". He replies: "She stole my watch!"
How does a one-legged Chinese man walk? He takes a great leap forward.
I thought I was drowning in an ocean of orange soda yesterday.... It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
Hitler couldn't have been that bad of a guy.. After all, he did kill Hitler
Why do onions have poor self-image? Because people cry when they get onions naked.
I'm going to buy 100 mounted fish and fill a room with them. When someone comes over and asks where the bathroom is, I'll send them to that room instead. As soon as they come back disappointed, I'll say, "I'm sorry, I thought you said my bassroom!"
An Irish priest is driving and gets stopped for speeding... the state trooper smells alcohol on the priest's breath and then sees an empty wine bottle on the floor of the car. He says, "Sir, have you been drinking?" "Just water," says the priest. The trooper says, "Then why do I smell wine?" The priest looks at the bottle and says, "Good Lord! He's done it again!"
Anyone know any good jokes about a mad scientist? I work at a art studio and a group of scientist booked one of our adult classes &amp; i thought it would be fun to start the class with a science related joke. So give me your best best shot
A guy was trying to console a friend who'd just found his wife in bed with another man. "Get over it, buddy," he said. "It's not the end of the world." "It's all right for you to say," answered his buddy. "But what if you came home one night and caught another man in bed with your wife?" The fella ponders for a moment, then says, "I'd break his cane and kick his seeing-eye dog in the ass."
Three old ladies are sitting on a park bench when a flasher runs up and opens his trench coat in front of them. The first old lady has a stroke. The second old lady has a stroke. The third old lady can't reach that far.
What's got 40 balls and fucks ducks? A 12 Gauge Shotgun
There was once a woman... One day a woman became pregnant, she took the advice of her mother and aborted it. A few weeks later she became pregnant again! She also did what her mother suggested... A few more weeks later she (once again -_-) got knocked up, tired of taking her mothers advice, she went to the local parish priest and said to him "I keep getting pregnant, there must be something in the air"! To which the priest replied "yes... Your legs"
The inflatable headteacher at the inflatable school caught the inflatable student bringing a pin into the classroom. He said, "Not only have you let yourself down, you've let me down, you've let your teachers down, and you've let the whole school down..."
My mother said I could never build a car out of spaghetti You should've seen her face when I drove pasta
My friend Carlos got his car stolen We call him Los now
Why did princess Diana cross the road? because she wasn't wearing a seat belt
The basement Mommy and daddy told me never to open the basement door. I never asked why. Every time I started casting too many glances toward it, every time I started getting too near it, every time I mentioned it, they'd scream at me. "Don't open the cellar door!" For 12 years I didn't know why. For 12 years I didn't know what was there. But not long after my 12th birthday, my parents weren't around. They weren't in the kitchen. Not in their bedroom. Couldn't find them in living room. I walked to the cellar door. If they weren't anywhere else, they must be here. And if they're down there, I'm going down there. I reached for the doorknob. 12 years of warnings flowed through my mind as I turned and pulled. I saw things. Wonderful things. Trees. The sky. Other children!
the alien that needed to go to the bathroom on a planet ten billion trillion lightyears away from earth, there was an alien community. many others, though. but right now we're focusing on this one. now, there was a poor alien named mac. he woke up from his small bed in his small house, got a small breakfast, and a really huge drink because he liked huge drinks. when he finished the drink, he realized he needed to go to the bathroom. but the only one in that community who had a bathroom was president frenchfry. president frenchfry lived 375 miles away. the alien drove his spaceship for three hours, seven minutes, and five seconds. then he was finally at the black house. the black house was president frenchfry's home. he walked in, deciding he couldn't hold it for much longer, and ran. he asked the president "can i please go to your bathroom? i might have bladder poisoning if i don't." the president pointed to a door and said "it's in there." mac bursted into the door, to find a room filled with fish. he goes to the president. "that's not a bathroom, sir." the president looks at him, with a surprised look on his face. "bathroom? you said bathroom? oh! i'm sorry, i thought you said bass room."
What size clothes do fortune tellers wear? Medium.
Who's Angry in Japan? The director of Life of Pi.
What do you get when you mix a broccoli and a melon? The saddest vegetable known to man: a melonccoli.
A guy is having sex on a first date She's giving him a blow job. He tells her "suck it harder". So she does. Then, he yells, "Blow, blow, the bed sheet is up my ass."
Submit A Joke Now! I want the best jokes in the world. I would prefer one-liners, and puns. But i don't mind short jokes. With that being said, any joke will do! Ex. How did Moses make tea? He-Brewed it! Edit: Also, i want some trick phrases like - Ice bank mice elf/ Alpha kenny body/ Good eye mate Edit: Three men are traveling and have no where to stay the night, when they come across an old farm. They ask the farmer if they may stay the night, and he informs them they have to share a bed. They agree because they were really tired, and the bed seemed just big enough. The next morning after they wake up, the guy on the left says "i had an amazing dream last night, this girl i really like gave me a hand job". Then the guy on the right says "Hey that's weird, i had the same dream!". Then the guys in the middle says "Well that's not fair, I only had a dream i was skiing".
Did you hear about the robot that was angrier than half of the other robots? It was in mean median mode.
So a nun walks into a butcher shop... and walks up to the counter and says to the butcher: "Hi, I'd like to buy a box of crackers." The butcher looks at her and says: "I'm sorry ma'am, this is a butcher shop, we only serve meat here."
Have you heard the one about the midget fortune teller that robbed a McDonalds? The papers the next day read, "SMALL MEDIUM AT LARGE"
Empires were run by emperors... Kingdoms were run by kings, Now we have countries.
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm in your apple.
I saw a police helicopter last night... "Hey look, a flying pig".
There are two typos of people in the world... ... those who proofread, and those who don't.
A man is sitting on his porch... when a young boy walks by, holding a roll of duct tape. The man, slightly amused yet curious, asks the boy what he plans on doing with it. "I take duck tape down to the lake, and I use it to catch ducks", replies the boy. The man laughs it off, but later the boy returns with his arms full of ducks. The next day, the man is once again sitting on his porch when the boy comes around again, this time with a roll of chicken wire under his arm. "to catch chickens with", the boy tells the man, who is still a little skeptical, and laughs it off. Sure enough, that night he sees the boy carrying an armload of fat chickens. The third day, the boy is carrying something, so the man asks what it is. "They're pussywillows. I use it to..." The man cuts him off. "I'll get my coat!"
4 Nuns get in a car accident and die... When they get to Heaven, they are greeted by St. Peter. He tells them they must be pure before they can gain entrance to Heaven. He asks the first one "Have you ever touched a penis?" She sheepishly replies yes, she touched one with the tip of her finger. St. Peter tells her she must dip her finger in the holy water before she can enter. He then turns to the second one and asks the same question. She becomes quite embarrassed and admits to giving her boyfriend in High School a hand job. St. Peter tells her that she must rinse her hand in the holy water before entering. Turning to the third nun, he asks the same question. But before she can answer, the fourth one shoves her aside yelling, "Whoa, whoa, whoa! There is no way that I am gargling that holy water after she rinses her ass in it!"
So a kid gets on a plane for the first time and he is really excited about it. He is sitting inside the plane mid-flight when he finds out the plane's a Boeing. So he starts saying "Boeing.. Boeing.. Boeing.." After a while when he doesn't stop the passengers start getting irritated, and the hostess comes along and tells the boy "Be Silent". So the boy starts "Oeing.. Oeing.. Oeing.. "
St. Peter and the Lawyer A lawyer dies and goes to Heaven. "There must be some mistake," the lawyer argues. "I'm too young to die. I'm only fifty five." "Fifty five?" says Saint Peter. "No, according to out calculations, you're eighty two." "How's you get that?" the lawyer asks. Answers St. Peter: "We added up your time sheets."
What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison? A small medium at large!
My wife kicked me out due to my obsession with rubbing different types of pasta. Im feeling cannelloni right now.
I heard there are only 140 characters allowed on Twitter, but that can't be true. I've been on there before - almost everyone is a character.
There are 10 types of people in the world... Those who understand binary and those who don't.
How is a pedophile similar to a tortoise? They both want to get there before the hare.
Appalachian Dictionary Virgin: (noun) - A 12 year old girl that can run faster than her brother.
why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? because he was far out.
After 30 years of marriage... After 30 years of marriage a husband and wife came for counseling. When asked what the problem was, the wife went into a tirade listing every problem they had ever had in the years they had been married. On and on she went: Neglect, lack of intimacy, emptiness, loneliness, feeling unloved and unlovable, and entire laundry list of unmet needs she had endured. Finally, after allowing this for a sufficient length of time, the therapist got up, walked around the desk and after asking the wife to stand, he embraced and kissed her long and passionately as her husband watched - with a raised eyebrow. The woman shut up and quietly sat down as though in a daze. The therapist turned to the husband and said, "This is what your wife needs at least 3 times a week. Can you do this? "Well, I can drop her off here on Mondays and Wednesdays, but on Fridays, I fish."
What do you get when combine a penis and a potato??? A dictator!
What do you call a Muslim cowboy? Dirty hairy.
once you go black... you're a single mother
Cliche: A guy is drinking in a bar. He has quite a few drinks and the bar tender has to cut him off. The guy stumbles out of the bar very drunk. As he stumbling down the street he sees a nun passing by. Just as she is passing him he punches her square in the nose. While she is on the ground, he kicks her in the ribs several times. Then he lifts her above his head and drops her on his knee with a back breaker. He then picks her up and tosses he into a dumpster. He jumps up on the side of the dumpster and yells in, "not so tough tonight are you batman?"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a fourth of a beer. The bartender stops them, pours two beers and says, "You're all a bunch of idiots."
Jewish football What's the worst part about having an all Jewish football team?  You have to replace the whole team every time they take a shower
A group of men are flying in a plane....... they get bored and decide to drop an orange out the window. They land the plane and overhear someone crying. They find a young girl crying so they ask her what is wrong. The young girl said "My mother was just hit in the head with an orange and died!". The men shrugged it off and got back on the plane. Once in the air they got bored again so they decided to drop an apple out of the plane. The plane lands and they overhear someone crying. They find a young boy in tears. They ask him what's wrong. The boy replies "My father was hit in the head with an apple and died!". Once again the men shrugged it off and got back on the plane. They get bored once again but this time they decide to drop a bomb out of the window. The plane lands and they hear someone laughing. They find a man rolling on the ground in laughter. Confused the men ask him what's so funny. He responds "I farted and this building behind me blew up!"
A man Walk in to a Bar A man walks into the front door of a bar. He is obviously drunk. he staggers up to the bar, seats himself on a stool, and with a belch, asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender politely informs the man that it appears that he has already had plenty to drink--he could not be served additional liquor at this bar but could get a cab called for him. The drunk is briefly surprised then softly scoffs, grumbles, climbs down off the bar stool, and staggers out the front door. A few minutes later, the same drunk stumbles in the side door of the bar. He wobbles up to the bar and hollers for a drink. The bartender comes over, and still politely--but more firmly refuses service to the man due to his inebriation. Again, the bartender offers to call a cab for him. The drunk looks at the bartender for a moment angrily, curses, and shows himself out the side door, all the while grumbling and shaking his head. A few minutes later, the same drunk bursts in through the back door of the bar. He plops himself up on a bar stool, gathers his wits, and belligerently orders a drink. The bartender comes over and emphatically reminds the man that he is clearly drunk, will be served no drinks, and either a cab or the police will be called immediately. The surprised drunk looks at the bartender and in hopeless anguish, cries "Man! How many bars do you work at?"
How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow? Give her a shovel!
What does Batman like in his drinks? Just ice
An old Marine Pilot sat down at the Starbucks, still wearing his old USMC flight suit and leather jacket and ordered a cup of coffee. As he sat sipping his coffee, a young woman sat down next to him. She turned to the pilot and asked, 'Are you a real pilot?' He replied, 'Well, I've spent my whole life flying planes, first Stearmans, then the early Grummans... flew a Wildcat and Corsair in WWII, and later in the Korean conflict, Banshees and Cougars. I've taught more than 260 people to fly and given rides to hundreds, so I guess I am a pilot, and you, what are you? She said, 'I'm a lesbian. I spend my whole day thinking about naked women. As soon as I get up in the morning, I think about naked women. When I shower, I think about naked women. When I watch TV, I think about naked women. It seems everything makes me think of naked women.' The two sat sipping in silence. A little while later, a young man sat down on the other side of the old pilot and asked: "are you a real pilot?" He replied, 'I always thought I was, but I just found out I'm a lesbian.'
What's sad about three black guys driving over a cliff in a Cadillac? They were my friends :(
I would tell all of you my favorite chemistry joke... ...but I don't expect to get any reaction.
What did the Jew say at the Football game? Get the quarter back!
The kids filed into class Monday morning. They were all very excited. Their weekend assignment was to sell something, then give a talk on salesmanship. Little Sally led off. "I sold Girl Scout cookies and I made $30" she said proudly. "My sales approach was to appeal to the customer's civil spirit and I credit that approach for my obvious success." "Very good", said the teacher. Little Debbie was next. "I sold magazines" she said. "I made $45 and I explained to everyone that magazines would keep them up on current events." "Very good, Debbie", said the teacher. Eventually, it was Little Johnny's turn. The teacher held her breath. Little Johnny walked to the front of the classroom and dumped a box full of cash on the teacher's desk. "$2,467", he said. "$2,467!" cried the teacher, "What in the world were you selling?" Toothbrushes," said Little Johnny. "Toothbrushes," echoed the teacher. "How could you possibly sell enough tooth brushes to make that much money?" "I found the busiest corner in town", said Little Johnny. "I set up a Dip &amp; Chip stand and I gave everybody who walked by a free sample." They all said the same thing. "Hey, this tastes like dog poop!" Then I would say "It is dog poop. Wanna buy a toothbrush?"
My wife told me she wants something that goes 0-200.... I told her to go step on the scale!
What's white, plastic, and not suitable for ages 5 and under? Michael Jackson
Some guy walked up to the counter and said, "Burger and fries, please." "Certainly, Sir," I replied. "Are you eating in or taking out?" "Fuck off you cunt," he snapped, before walking off with his food. I love working in the prison canteen.
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer? One's a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other one's a fish.
Why are waiters terrible pornstars? They only want the tip
Christian Aliens A race of aliens visits earth one day; they come in peace and surprisingly, they speak English. Obviously all of the heads of government and religious leaders want to speak to the aliens so they set up a meeting with our new visitors. When it's the pope's turn, he asks: **"Do you know about our lord and savior Jesus Christ?"**. **"You mean J.C?"**, responds the alien **"yeah we know him he's the greatest isn't he? He swings by every year to make sure that we are doing ok"**. Surprised, the pope follows up with **"He visits every year?! It's been over 2 millenia and we're still waiting for his SECOND coming!"**. The alien sees that the pope has become irate at this fact and starts trying to rationalize **"maybe he likes our chocolate better than yours?"**. The pope retorts **"Chocolates? What are you talking about? What does that have to do with anything?"**. The alien says **"Yea, when he FIRST visited our planet we gave him a huge box of chocolates. Why? What did you guys do?"**
A guy wakes up one morning and sees a gorilla in the tree outside his second-story bedroom window. He panics and calls the first wild animal control company in the phone book, a discount one as it turns out. An old man shows up at his door a few minutes later holding a crate. He steps inside the house and unloads a pair of handcuffs, a shotgun, an collapsible 10-foot pole and a small angry Chihuahua. He leans in and begins- "Son, here's what we're going to do. I'm going to climb that old tree back yonder and poke that there gorilla till he loses his grip and falls to the ground. When he does, this here dog is trained to immediately latch onto his balls something fierce and won't let go. When the beast goes to defend himself, you put those handcuffs on him. Easy as pie, son. You got all that?" The homeowner glances around. "Well, what's the shotgun for then?" "If by chance the gorilla knocks me out of tree first, for fucks sake son, shoot the dog." (edit for the mistakes)
My friend called me a grown ass man the other day... ... unfortunately I had to correct him, I'm more of a boob guy.
We read a book of 14th century jokes for my Middle Eastern History class this week. Here's a few of my favorites. So we read a book of 14th century Arab jokes (as well as a Persian joke book from the 13th century), and many of them were still, surprisingly, quite hilarious. Here are a few of my favorites, written exactly as I read them. I hope you enjoy them! "A man announced that he was God. He was brough before the Caliph who said to him, 'Last year there was someone here who claimed to be a prophet. He was executed.' 'That was well done," said the man, "for I had not sent him." "In the time of the Caliph Wathiq a woman laid claim to prophethood. The Caliph asked her, 'Was Muhammad a Prophet?' 'Certainly,' she replied. 'Then,' said the Caliph, ' since Muhammad said, "There will be no Prophet after me," your claim is false.' The woman replied, 'He said, "There will be no Prophet after me." He did not say, "There will be no Prophetess after me.'" "A tumbler scolded his son and said, 'You do no work and you waste your life in idleness. How often must I tell you to practice somersaults and to learn how to dance on a rope and to make a dog jump through a hoop so that you can achieve something with your life. If you don't listen to me, I swear by God I shall abandon you to the madrasa to learn their dead and useless science and to become a scholar so as to live in contempt and misery and adversity and never be able to earn a penny wherever you go.'" "Mawlana Sharaf al-Din Damghani was passing by the door of a mosque just as the mosque servant got hold of a dog and beat him inside the mosque. The dog howled. Mawlana opened the mosque door, and the dog fled. The mosque servant abused Mawlana. 'My friend,' said Mawlana, 'excuse the dog. He has no understanding; that is why he went into the mosque. We others, who have understanding, you will never see us in the mosque.'" "A king had 3 wives, one Persian, one Arab, and one Coptic. One night he lay beside the Persian woman and asked her, 'What time is it?' She answered, 'It is the hour of dawn.' He asked her, 'How do you know?' She answered, 'Because the scent of the roses and basil is rising and the birds are beginning to sing.' The next night he lay with the Arab woman and asked her the same question. She answered, 'It is the hour of dawn. I know it because the pearls of my necklace feel cold against my breast.' On the third night he lay with the Coptic woman and he asked her the same question and she answered, 'It is the hour of dawn. I know because I have to go stool.'" "A man said to a woman, 'I would like to taste you, to know which has a better flavor, you or my wife.' She answered, 'Ask my husband, he has tasted us both.'" "One day Abu Nuwas was seen with a glass of wine in his hand, a bunch of grapes on his right, and a dish of raisins on his left, and every time he drank from the glass he took a grape and a raisin. 'What does this mean?' they asked him, and he replied, ' This is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.'" "Abu'l-Harith was asked, 'Can a man of eighty have a child?' He answered them, 'Yes, if he has a neighbor of twenty.'" "A bore visited a sick man and stayed with him too long. The sick man said, 'I am plagued with too many visitors.' The bore said, 'I will go and shut the door.' 'Yes,' said the sick man, 'but from the outside.'" "A man married a woman, and on the fifth day after the wedding she bore a child. The man went to the market and bought tablets and ink. They asked him, 'What is this?' He answered, 'A child that can come into the world after five days can go to school after another 3.'" "A man claimed to be a prophet. They asked him, 'What are the proofs of your being a prophet?' He said, 'I shall tell you what is in your mind.' They asked him, 'What is in our minds?' He said, 'You are thinking that I am a liar and not a prophet.'" "Another man claimed to be a prophet in the days of the Caliph al-Ma'mun. He asked him, 'What is your miracle?' The man said, 'Ask what you wish.' The Caliph had in his hand a lock. 'Take this and open it,' he said. 'God preserve you,' the man replied. 'I did not say that I was a blacksmith.' The Caliph laughed, called on him to repent, and let him off." "An elegant lady was asked, 'Are you a virgin?' 'God preserve me from being left on the shelf,' she replied." "The Caliph al-Mutawakkil asked a slave girl whom he was inspecting, 'Are you a virgin or what?' 'I am what, O commander of the Faithful,' she replied." "A man sued a woman marriage-broker. He said to the judge, 'May God preserve you, this old woman got me a wife, and when I came to her, I found her lame.' The old woman replied, 'May God preserve the judge. I found him a wife to take to bed. I did not know that he wanted to ride her on pilgrimage, enter her for the races, or play polo on her back.'" "When A'isha the daughter of Talha was given in marriage to Mus'ab, he said, 'By God, this night I shall kill her with passion.' He took her once and then fell asleep and did not awaken till dawn when she shook him and said, 'Wake up, killer.'" "A blind man married a black woman and she said to him, 'If you could see my beauty and my loveliness and my whiteness you would love me even more.' He replied, 'If you were as you say, the sighted ones would not have left you to me.'" Ash'ab heard Hubba the woman of Medina say, 'O please God, do not let me die until you have forgiven me for my sins!' Ash'ab said to her, 'Wicked woman! You are not asking God for forgiveness, you are asking Him for immortality.' He meant that God would never forgive her."
A Business Man is driving down the a rural town road When he sees a sign that says "Talking dog for Sale" He pulls over at the address listed and sees an old farmer sitting on the porch. The man walks over to the farmer and asks him if he really has a talking dog for sale. The farmer nods and tells him the dog's out back. The man walks behind the house and sure enough sees a dog tied to a tree, just laying there. The man walks over to the dog and asks it to speak. The dog says "Hello" The man, awestruck asks the dog to tell him his life story. The dog begins. It describes its life as a puppy. Says that it was recruited and trained by the CIA. That it was a spy for the CIA, as most people talk to dogs about anything. The dog worked there for 10 years, before retiring. Afterwards the dog traveled around the world meeting many famous people, before eventually settling down right here. The man, shocked, runs back to the farmer and says, "How much for the dog" The farmer responds, "Ten Bucks" The guy says, "Why so cheap, that dog is amazing" The farmer responds, "No he ain't, the dog's a fucking liar. It never did any of that!"
A priest and a rabbi are sitting on a park bench... when a little boy, around 9 years old passes them by. "Wanna fuck him?" asks the priest. "Out of what?" the rabbi replies.
What's green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Want to hear the shortest joke in the world? Midget shortage.
As blond woman, I've heard them all. But this is my favorite blond joke. A blonde is driving down the highway when she looks out the window to see another blonde in a rowboat, in the middle of a field, rowing as hard as she can. She pulls over, gets out of her car, runs to the edge of the field and yells as loud as she can, 'It's bitches like you that give blondes a bad name and if I could swim, I'd come out there and beat your ass!' Edit:Fixed the misspelled 'blonde's
What makes a hockey player laugh? (Warning: Cheesy) Slapstick Comedy!
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.
What does a british man say when he's about to climax? I'm arriving
A hunter goes bear hunting in a forest. He sees one and shoots at it, but the gun misfires. The bear hears the gun, runs towards the hunter, catches up with him, pins him down, and ass rapes the hunter. After several stitches, the hunter wants revenge. He gets a bigger gun and goes in the woods, and for fucks sake, the gun misfires again. The bear sees him, and pounds the hunter for the second time. The hunter is furious, he grabs an assault riffle and goes gunning for the bear. He finds the bear, aims, and click. He forgot to load bullets in the rifle. The bear pins him down again and says: "I'm confused, are you here to kill me or to get fucked?"
So, two neutrinos walk through a bar...
Why'd the kid drop his ice cream cone? Because he got hit by the bus.
Why do people smile in Africa? So they won't run into each other in the dark.
You guys like jokes I hear, I got a joke for you. Women's rights....
So How do you circumcise a Hillbillie Kick his sister in the jaw.
What do you call a depressed clementine on a late night walk? A meanderin' orange.
A guy sticks his head into a barber shop and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looks around the shop and says, "About 2 hours." The guy leaves. A few days later the same guy sticks his head in the door and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looks around at the shop full of customers and says, "About 3 hours." The guy leaves. A week later the same guy sticks his head in the shop and asks, "How long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looks around the shop and says, "About an hour and a half." The guy leaves. The barber who is intrigued by this time, looks over at a friend in the shop and says, "Hey, Bill. Follow that guy and see where he goes." A little while later, Bill comes back into the shop, laughing hysterically. The barber asks, "Bill, where did he go when he left here?" Bill looks up, tears in his eyes and says, "Your house!"
A man moves to Alaska...... A man moves to a small town in a remote part of Alaska, far removed from civilization. One of the first nights he's in town, he hits up the town bar, and the locals tell him to make sure he sticks around, as there'll be plenty of women around at midnight, and the guy's sure to get laid. Midnight strikes, and all of the men leave the bar and cross the street to this field where there are a bunch of moose, and each of the locals starts fucking a moose. The man is repulsed by what he sees, heads back to his new house, and swears that he'll never stoop to anything so low. Six months later, and the man is starting to lose it. He hasn't been laid in six months, and it's taking a toll on his sanity. Reluctantly, he decides he's going to do it - he's going to fuck a moose. So he heads down to the town bar as soon as it opens, and starts pounding drinks to make the whole ordeal easier. Midnight strikes, and the man runs out the door, across the street, and starts going to town on a moose, fucking it harder than he's ever fucked any woman before in his life. The other men from the bar follow across the street, stop, and stare at the first man. Frustrated, the man says, "What? What am I doing wrong?" One of the men pipes up and says, "Nothing, but that's a fucking ugly moose."
"Could we change the topic, please?" Two german friends chat and soon they come to the topic of the Holocaust. One of them then looks very sad and asks his friend: "Could we change the topic, please? I've never told you, but my grandpa died in Ausschwitz." The other responds: "Sure, man, no problem. But may I ask you, how did your grandfather die?" "Well, one day he got really drunk, fell from a watchtower and broke his neck..."
How do you know if your girlfriend is getting fat? She can use your wifes clothes
Why did the bald guy cut a hole in his pocket? Because he wanted to run his fingers through his hair.
I was going to tell a gay joke butt fuck it
How do you throw a party in Nigeria? You stick a piece of bread to the ceiling
My wife just left me because of my fetish with pasta I'm feeling cannelloni right now
Whatever you do, don't step on a duck. Three guys got into a car crash and all died. They all get up to heaven and meet St. Peter at the gates. St. Peter said "Okay everyone can come in, but whatever you do don't step on a duck." The gates open and there are ducks everywhere, all over the floor, on tabletops, everywhere. The first guy walks in and accidentally steps on a duck. St. Peter comes along and handcuffs him to the ugliest woman in all the world and says, "Now you must stay handcuffed for all eternity." The other two see this and do their best not avoid the ducks. The second guy goes months and months without stepping on any duck. Then one morning he wakes up and as he is getting out of bed he steps on two ducks. St. Peter comes over and handcuffs him to the most atrocious looking and smelling woman and says, "Now you must stay handcuffed to each other for all eternity." Now the third guy goes years and years and doesn't step on any ducks in all that time. Then one day St. Peter comes along and handcuffs him to the most beautiful woman he as ever seen. St. Peter says, "Now you must stay handcuffed to each other for all eternity." The guy happily says, "Oh my God, what have I done to deserve this?!" And the woman says, "I don't know what you did, but I stepped on a duck."
You seem to like blonde jokes around here. Here is my favorite: Why did the blonde have such a terribly bruised belly button? Her boyfriend was blond as well.
Two Irish men walk into a bar... You would have thought at least one of them would have seen it.
r/Jokes, what are your best colour blindness jokes?
Why is Beyonce always singing about going "To the left"? Because women have no rights.
Mating call of a blonde... "Hee hee, I think I'm a little drunk!"
Always get a second opinion One day a man went to see his doctor complaining about severe migraine headaches. After a long examination the doctor told the man that somehow his balls were pressing very tightly against the base of his spine and this was causing the man to have migraine headaches. The doctor concluded the balls would have to come off. The man thought this was rather drastic, so he went to another doctor for a second opinion. "Your balls are pressing up against your spine causing the headaches," said the doctor, "The balls will have to be amputated." Finally the man decided to have the operation. He went to the first doctor and had it done. Two years passed and the man was walking down the street when he came across a tailor's shop. Wearing the same thing he had been for years, the man decided to go in and get some new threads. The tailor took one look at the man as he walked in and said, "I'll bet your pants size is 36x32." "That's amazing,"said the man,"how on earth did you know?" "I get paid to know these things," replied the tailor. After he was fitted in pants the tailor looked at the man and told him exactly what his shirt size was without measuring him once. "That is just too cool! How did you know?" asked the man. "I get paid to know this kind of stuff." Pretty soon the tailor had the man decked out in a full 3 piece suit with a rather smart had to go with it all. Not once did the tailor measure the man for his clothes. "I get paid to know these things,"is what he would say. After all that the man decided he wanted some new underwear to make him comfortable in his new suit. "I'll bet you wear 36 medium," the tailor said, eyeballing the man. "HA! You're wrong!" said the man, "I wear 34 medium!" "That's ridiculous," replied the tailor,"if you wore size 34 medium underwear, you'd press your balls way too tight against your spine causing severe migraine headaches."
My dad's lame holiday joke During the holiday season, a man is aimlessly drifting around a shopping center, wondering what to get his wife for Christmas. Wandering into a pet store, he asks the shop assistant, "Hey, buddy, you got anything with a Christmas-type theme in here?" "Well, there is Chet, the parrot," the assistant replies. Chet looks like any normal parrot, nothing special, so the guy asks, "What's so Christmassy about him?" "Well, he can sing Christmas carols," says the assistant. "Really?" "Yup," says the assistant. "Lemme show ya. See, all ya gotta do is light a match and hold it under his left foot, like so, and Chet'll go..." "Awrrk! Frosty the Snowman was a jolly happy soul..." Chet sings. "Wow, that's amazing! Does he do any more?" "Sure does! Now, if you hold the match under his right foot instead, he'll go..." "Awrrk! Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer, had a very shiny nose..." Chet sings. Well, now the guy is really impressed, but he has to ask, "Does Chet know any more carols?" "Oh, sure, he knows one more! See, if you hold the match BETWEEN his two feet, he goes..." "Awrrk! Chet's nuts roasting on an open fire..."
A policeman gets wiser A cop is walking around the flea market and sees this guy selling apple seeds for $5, advertising that they increase intelligence. The cop goes to him and says "you really should not be doing that, cheating people like that and all." The guy says "listen I am not selling anything illegal here and if people want to buy it they can. You should try for yourself and see." Cop gives in and gets one, eats it, nothing happens and as he is strolling away he stops and tells the salesman "hey wait a minute, for those $5 I could have bought a dozen of apples and gotten a whole lot of seeds that are in them!" The salesman says "you see, the seeds work!" The cop goes "damn you are right! GIVE ME TEN MORE!"
Snow White, Superman, and Pinocchio. Snow White, Superman and Pinocchio are walking along. They see a sign: "Contest for World's Most Beautiful Woman." Snow White goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing a crown. They walk along and see another sign: "Contest for World's Strongest Man." Superman goes in, later comes out smiling, wearing the belt. They walk along and see a sign: "Contest for World's Greatest Liar." Pinocchio goes in, later comes out with his head down crying. "Who the **FUCK** is Mitt Romney?" Pinocchio sobs.
Three men stumble drunkenly onto a farm and fall asleep there.. Three men are walking home from a crazy party, completely wasted. While walking past a farm they drunkenly decide the walk home is too far and crash around a bale of hay. The next morning, the men are woken by the sound of gunshots; the farmer has found them and is not at all happy about the inconvenience. He threatens to shoot them all but the men beg and plead for their lives. The farmer ponders this and then proclaims: "Alright. You may live, BUT first, I want each of you to go find seven of any of my fruits and vegetables. Bring them back to this spot." The men take their time finding the items and the first man comes back alone with seven grapes. The farmer says: "If you can shove all of these grapes up your ass without showing any discomfort, you may live." The man gets through five, begins crying, and the farmer shoots him. The second man shows up at the spot with seven strawberries. The farmer gives him the same option. After six strawberries the man is showing no sign of discomfort and will surely keep his life. But upon putting the seventh strawberry in, he bursts out in laughter and is shot. When the second man arrives in heaven he finds the first man and they begin to converse. The first man asks, "you were so close, dude, why did you start laughing?!" The reply: "I saw Rick coming up over the hill with watermelons."
Two policemen are walking down the street in Soviet Russia... ...when they spot a guy standing next to the local Party Headquarters holding a paintbrush. On the wall, he's just written "The government is run by idiots!". The first policeman pulls out a pair of handcuffs and asks the second, "Shall we arrest him for vandalizing public property, or for divulging state secrets?".
Local Call George Bush, Queen Elizabeth, and Vladimir Putin all die and go to hell. While there, they spy a red phone and ask what the phone is for. The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth. Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check. Next Queen Elizabeth calls England and talks for 30 minutes. When she is finished the devil informs her that the cost is 6 million dollars, so she writes him a check. Finally George Bush gets his turn and talks for 4 hours. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00. When Putin hears this he goes ballistic and asks the devil why Bush got to call the USA so cheaply. The devil smiles and replies, "Since Obama took over, the country has gone to hell, so it's a local call.
A hillbilly knocks on the door of his new neighbor's house "Howdy neighbor!" he says. "In honor of you moving into the holler, I'm gonna throw a party. There's gonna be a whole lot'a drinkin, a whole lot'a dancing, and a whole lot'a screwing." "Sounds like fun", the neighbor says, "what can I bring". Hillbilly says "You can bring anything you want, just gonna be you and me."
The world's greatest swordsman A young man climbs a mountain to a ledge, where there sits an old man with a sword in his lap. The young man says, "I seek the greatest swordsman in the world." Without a word, the old man draws his sword and flicks it in the air at a passing fly. The fly falls to the ground in two pieces. The young man says, "Surely you are the greatest swordsman in the world." The old man says, "No. Further up the mountain is a swordsman greater than I." So the young man climbs up the mountain to another ledge where there sits an even older man with a sword in his lap. The young man says, "I seek the greatest swordsman in the world." Without a word, the old man draws his sword and flicks it in the air at a passing fly. The fly falls to the ground in three pieces. The young man says, "Surely you are the greatest swordsman in the world." The old man says, "No. At the top of this mountain is the greatest swordsman." So the young man climbs up to the top of the mountain, where there sits an even older man with a sword in his lap. The young man says, "I seek the greatest swordsman in the world." Without a word, the old man draws his sword and flicks it in the air at a passing fly. The fly buzzes away. "What's going on," the young man yells. "I thought you were supposed to be the greatest swordsman in the world. You couldn't even kill that fly." "No," the old man says. "That fly is not dead. But that fly will never again father children."
Superman is flying around Metropolis one day... ... where Wonder Woman is suntanning naked on the roof of a skyscraper. Superman stopped flying and thought *If I use my super speed, I can screw her and be gone before she notices.* So he shoots down, and is fucking, and off like a bolt. Wonder Woman sat up and said "What the hell was that?" At which point, the invisible man said "I have no idea, but my ass is killing me."
What do you call a stoned pig? Baked Ham
A guy is at the doctors... The doctor tells him "we're gonna need a stool sample, urine sample and a semen sample." The guy says "Doc, I'm kinda in a hurry, can't you just take my underwear?"
I went to a club completely infested by tourettes suffering women last night. Any time I approached one they told me to fuck off.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. "Something that buzzes and is guaranteed to drive me crazy" she replied. So I bought her a pet mosquito.
A short joke for you Redditors What did the Buffalo say to his son? Bison.
Why did the chicken commit suicide? To get to the other side
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
Superman and Batman meet up on the rooftops, and Batman notices Superman looks a little banged up. "What happened to you Superman?", asks Batman. Superman says, "You won't believe this shit Bats. I'm flying along right, and I see Wonder Woman sunbathing nude on the roof of this building spread eagle!" "Wow," says Batman with a grin. "So," Superman goes on, "I figure I can swoop down, get in a few pumps at super speed, and be gone before she can do anything." "Damn," says Batman, "she must have gotten pissed. You look like hell." "She wasn't that angry," says Superman, "and if you think I look bad, I can only imagine what the Invisible Man's asshole looks like."
Portions The minister was coming over for Sunday dinner so mom told the boys they had to wait until the minister had his portion before they could eat. The younger boy asked 'how much is a portion' and the older boy responded 'I don't know, let's watch the minister to figure it out'. So they watched the minister take his food first then the younger boy said to the older boy 'I know what a portion is'. The older boy said, 'what is it?'. The younger boy responded 'damn near all of it!"
What's the difference between water falling from the sky and hamburgers falling from the sky? One of them is a meatier shower.
St. Peter realizes heaven is filling up... ...and decides it's time to get picky. On this particular day, three guys are lined up by the pearly gates, hoping to be let in. St. Peter opens the gates and says, "sorry guys, but I can only let one of you guys in. I'm going to let in the one who died in the most horrible way." The first guy smiles. "That should be me. I had a terrible fucking day. I got fired at work, and went home to tell my wife. But as I got in the door, she was standing in the shower and there were a pair of shoes in the hallway that I didn't recognize, so I figured she was cheating on me, and not only that, the guy was still in the apartment! I looked fucking everywhere, and in the end I found him hanging from the balcony railing, still butt naked. He asked me to help him back up, but I was in a jealous rage so I went to get my hammer. I then proceeded to whack his fingers until he fell. When I looked down, I saw the creep was still alive, so I went into the kitchen, dragged out the refrigerator onto the balcony, and pushed it over the railing. It crushed him. After that I was so horrified with what I had done that I took my gun and shot myself." St. Peter is disgusted. "Yeah that's pretty bad. How about you, mister?" The next guy crosses his arms. "Well I think this spot should be mine, no contest. I was just out on my balcony, doing yoga in the nude as I usually do, when I lost my balance and fell over the railing. Now I managed to grab hold of the balcony railing on the floor below, but then *this* crazy guy pops out and starts whacking my fingers with a hammer! I fell, and survived, but then he drops a fucking refrigerator on me!" "Say no more," says St. Peter, "I just have to check with this last guy before I let you in." The third man steps up. "Well," he says with an awkward smile. "So I'm hiding, naked, in a refrigerator..."
The cathedral bell ringer A long time ago the priests of the great cathedral of Notre Dame were looking for someone to replace the aging bell ringer. After a few days of searching a man enters the cathedral with no arms. He approaches the priests and says, "I hear you're looking for someone to ring the bells. Search no further cause I'm your man." The priests look at him and say, "Well you seem eager enough but uh, you have no arms. How can you ring the bells?" The guy replied "Don't worry about it. Just give me a chance to show you what I can do." The priests agreed to give him a chance and together they all walked to the top of the bell tower where all the bells were. The applicant turned to the priests and said, "Ok now watch this." He steps back, and runs headfirst into the smallest bell. BONG! The sound was beautiful. Impressed the priests asked "That was great, how about the next one?" The guy steps back, steps back a bit more, and runs headfirst into the medium bell. BONG! Never before had the bells of Notre Dame sounded so good. The priests were filled with joy. They said to the guy. "Wow you are amazing! You've got the job!" The guy says "Alright but let me show you the last bell real quick." He steps back, steps back a little more, steps back a little more and falls out the window. Devastated, the priests run down the tower, out of the cathedral, and out onto the street where a crowd had gathered around the body. Someone looked around and asked "Does anybody know this man?" And the priests looked at each other and said "No, but his face rings a bell."
Two hookers are standing on a street corner... One Says to the other: "I think I'm gonna have a good night tonight." The other says: "Why?" She replies: "Because I can smell cock in the air." The other says: "Sorry, I just burped..."
So an elf walks into an animal shelter... ...and, being from the North Pole, he wants a hound dog to run a transport system. This particular shelter stocks only mutts. On the first day, the elf says, "What type of dog is that one there?" he asks, pointing to a cage. "That's a cross between a Labrador and a Poodle," responds the clerk. The elf shakes his head, and moves on to the next cage. "What type is this one?" he asks. "A German Shepherd and Beagle cross," replies the clerk. Again, the elf shakes his head, and walks to the third and final cage. "What type is this one?" he asks again. "That's a Pointer and Irish Setter cross," says the clerk. The elf nods his head vigorously, and adopts the animal immediately. Mystified, the clerk's assistant asks, "Why did he chose that one?" the clerk laughs, and replies, "It was a Point-Setter."
The estate of Charles Dickens is too make alcoholic beverages from the apples on their land The slogan is "All the girls love a Dickens Cider"
A woman thinks her husband is going deaf. A woman thinks her husband is going deaf, so she calls the doctor to ask what to do. He tells her to start far away in the house, ask a question, and come closer and closer, asking the question, until he can hear her. So, one day, while he's watching t.v. in the living room, she goes to th farthest room, the family room, and calls out, "honey, what do you want for dinner?" No answer. She goes to the dining room, one room closer, and asks again, "what do you want for dinner?" No answer. She goes into the kitchen and asks again, and again she gets no answer. Finally, she is in the living room with him, standing behind the couch, and asks, "Honey! What do you want for dinner?" The husband answers, "For the last time, chicken!"
What's faster than a black guy running down the street with your T.V? His brother holding the VCR.
What's brown and sticky? My Beyonce calendar.
Heard this joke by Reagan today-wanted to share Its hard to get an automobile in the soviet union. They are owned mainly by elite bureaucrats. In a car incident, Gorbachev was late from getting to the Kremlin from his house. He told the chauffer, "Look we are running late so let me drive. I insist." So He told the Chaufer to get in the back and he drove. Meanwhile the police were given strict orders to ticket anyone speeding no matter how important. So they were speeding down Moscow and two motorcycle cops pulled them over but didn't ticket him after he saw who it was. He goes back to the station and talks about it and was asked, "Why didn't you ticket him? "Too important." "Who was it?" "I didn't recognize him, but his driver was Gorbachev!"
Star Wars Casting Did you hear Carrie Fischer is going to be in the new Star Wars movies? She is going to be the new Jabba the Hutt!
What did the architect say about the rack? How does she not fall over?
Mitt Romney's dick tastes nice said Donald Trump.
What's red, white, and black all over? a newspaper
Condom Why did the condom fly across the room? Because he was pissed off
How do you circumcise a whale? Send down four skin-divers.
Which chord do pedophiles like the most? A minor
Two policemen arrive to the place where road accident happened See a dead body and start writing papers. One of them dictates: "An adult man is found dead, body is lying on the highway, head is on the pavement". The other policeman asks "I don't know how to spell the word pavement". First one utters "P-A-V... or W... Oh fuck it!" then kicks the body in head and says "Well the head is on the highway too". Edit: highway, not a road
billy joe redneck has 10 kids... so he decides its time for a vasectomy. he goes to the doctor who explains the procedure and the cost. billy joe asks if theres a cheaper way to handle this... the doc says "aren't you billy joe the redneck? heres what you need to do, drink a six pack, but in the last can light a cherry bomb, drop it in, then count to ten! You only need to buy the beer and the cherry bomb." Billy joe is sceptical, but takes the doctors advise. He downs a sixpack, put a lit cherry bomb in the sixth can and starts counting... 1....2...3....4....5. (places can between legs so he can use his other fingers...)
Etiquette for beginners [adapted from a scene in the film Carry on Cruising] A steward on a cruise ship is hesitating outside a door to a cabin with a pot of coffee on a tray. The chief purser doing his rounds sees him and asks him what he's doing. "Well sir, it's like this", the steward begins, "I'm completely new to this job and I'm a little worried as to what to do if I find passengers in a *delicate* state in their cabin, you see?" The purser smiles and puts his hand on the young man's shoulder. "Ah", he says, "you just need to learn how to deal with such situations with a bit of dignity and blindness. I once knew a steward who walked in on a beautiful young woman completely naked in the shower. Well, he just put the tray down on the side, said 'Excuse me, sir' and left without missing a beat. Do you see?" The steward thinks for a moment and smiles "Yes, yes! That's very good that! I'll remember that!" "Well, what are you waiting for then?" says the purser pointing out the still closed cabin door. "Get on with it, before that coffee gets cold" The steward takes a deep breath, puffs out his chest, knocks and opens the door. Inside, he finds a newly wed couple on their honeymoon, in bed and very passionately engrossed in each other, and they clearly haven't noticed his arrival. He hesitates before remembering what the purser told him, and decides to interrupt: "Hello there, which of you two fellahs takes sugar then?"
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise? He says "Cerebro"
What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? "Where is my tractor?"
What do you say When you see your tv floating in midair? Drop it nigga!
Whats the difference between Caesar and Casanova? Caesar said:"I came, I saw, I conquered." Casanova said:"I saw, I conquered, I came."
What do you call a guy with a big orange nose? Sir. The man has enough on his plate without being treated as a lesser individual by society.
Continuing the parrot theme A lady goes to a bird shop and tells the owner she wants to buy a parrot. Owner shows her a few exotic birds but the lady is looking for something rather inexpensive and points to the simple green parrot that's resting in a cage in the corner of the shop. Owner: That one? No no no lady. You're better off buying this one here. That one's no good. Lady: But it says he's on sale for 15$. Owner: Lady, that's a parakeet and he's not as good as he looks. Lady insists. They both walk over to the parakeet and the lady asks if the parakeet talks. Immediately in answer, the parakeet says: Hey ho, there's the hoe! How much you goin' for these days whore? The lady is shell shocked. Appalled at the behavior of the parakeet, the owner asks the lady to excuse him for a second and says he needs to adjust the parakeet's cage. The owner takes him in the back and dunks him repeatedly in a bucket of ice cold water. Owner: Will you use such language again? WILL YOU you dirty parakeet you? Cause if you will, im going to dunk you in this bucket till you've learnt your lesson. Parakeet: Squawk. SQUAWK. No man. Never. I'm gonna be clean as a priest. Swear brother. No antics. Squawk. Owner brings him back out front with a smile on his face. Owner: Try him out now missus. Lady: You naughty parakeet. What will you call me now? Parakeet: Missus, my good lady. Lady: And what would you say if I brought home a man with me? Parakeet: Why he'd be your husband dear madam. Lady: And if perchance there'd be 2 men accompanying me? Parakeet: Ah my dear lady, it's so obvious. One would be your husband and the other your brother. Lady: Very good. And what about 3 men? Parakeet: Your husband, brother and brother in law of course my lady. Lady: And what if there were 4 men who happened to come home with me? Parakeet: Hey Brother! Get that damn bucket. I fucking told ya she's a whore.
A trip to the therapist Two women had been having a friendly lunch when the subject turned to sex. "You know, John and I have been having some sexual problems," Linda told her friend. That's amazing!" Mary replied, "So have Tom and I. We're thinking of going to a sex therapist," said Linda. "Oh, we could never do that! We'd be too embarrassed!" responded Mary. "But after you go, will you please tell me how it went?" Several weeks passed and they met met for lunch again. "So, how did the sex therapy work out, Linda?" "Things couldn't be better!", Linda exclaimed. "We began with a physical exam, and afterward the doctor said he was certain he could help us. He told us to stop at the grocery store on the way home and buy a bunch of grapes and a dozen donuts. He told us to sit on the floor nude, and toss the grapes and donuts at each other. Every grape that went into my vagina, John had to get it out with his tongue. Every donut that I ringed his penis with, I had to eat. Our sex life is wonderful, in fact it's better than it's ever been!" With that endorsement, Mary talked her husband into an appointment with the same sex therapist. After the physical exams were completed the doctor called Mary and Tom into his office. "I'm afraid there is nothing I can do for you," he said. But doctor," Mary complained, "You did such good for Linda and John, surely you must have a suggestion for us! Please, please, can't you give us some help? Any help at all?" "Well, OK," the doctor answered. "On your way home, I want you to stop at the grocery store and buy a sack of apples and a box of Cheerios......"
What do you call a gay guy in a sleeping bag? A fruit roll up
What is the difference between jelly and jam? You can't jelly your dick in a girl's ass.
The dirty joke from 'Freaks and Geeks' A woman puts an ad in the paper looking for a man who wouldn't run away at the sight of commitment, who wouldn't hit her, and could fulfill her sex life. Two weeks go by and nothing. Finally one day the door bell rings. She opens the door and sees a no-armed, no-legged man. She looks at him and asks, "How do you expect to fulfill my wishes?" He explains, "I have no arms to hit you with and no legs to run away." Then she says, "And the sex life?" He looks at her and says, "I rang the door bell, didn't I?"
A wife was dying. She called her husband and said, "Gary, I've been unfaithful." Gary answered, "I know. That's why I poisoned you."
What's the difference between a meteor and a meteorite? Ite. Sorry, a kid said this in elementary school and it was funny back then :)
Tis the season. (Please don't hate me, it's just a joke.) Christmas time. Valium and wine. Children indulging in serious crime. With dad on the weed and mum's high on crack. Christmas is special when your family is black!
A twist on an old classic So there's a filthy pig and a beautiful black stallion just shooting the breeze in the stable after a long day of farming it up. The pig says "Hey Black Stallion, you old horse, why the long face?" To which the black stallion replies: "Because the white man has been riding my black ass all day long!"
No Arms, No Legs, No Problem A woman was in an abusive relationship with her boyfriend. He was horrible in bed and beat her all the time. One day, without notice, he walked out on her. A few weeks later, she put an ad on Craigslist that read "Looking for a man who won't beat me, won't run away, and is good in bed." A couple days later, a man rang her doorbell. She opened the door to find a man sitting on her doorstep with no arms and no legs. "Can I help you?" she asked. "Yes Ma'am, I'm answering the ad you put on Craigslist" he answered. He could see that she was confused so he proceeded to explain: "Look, I have no arms so I can't beat you and I have no legs so I can't run away." Hesitently, she asked "And how are you in bed?" He answered "Well, I rang the door bell didn't I?"
Three learned gentlemen are discussing 'savoir faire'...(joke full of fuffery, told to me by a man who wore a fez all the time) The first one takes a healthy belt of his brandy, leans back in his leather chair and says, "Mes amis! Savoir faire is something one does not learn easily. No sir! For example, a husband comes home earlier than he planned to. He opens the door and sees another man's coat hanging on the rack. Without a word, he heads out to the local bar and has a smoke and a drink and reads a good book, then returns home and gives his wife a passionate kiss. *That* is savoir faire!" The second gentleman admires the amber color in his glass, puffs on his pipe and says, "No, no, here's what it is. A man comes home from work early. He heads up to his bedroom, opens the door, and he sees his wife in bed with another man. He waves nonchalantly and graciously says, '*continuez, monsieur!*' and walks around the block for an hour or two, smelling the crisp autumn evening. That, my friends, is savoir faire." The third man rests his glass on the table and says, "Gentlemen. You've found yourself in a familiar situation. A glance across a crowded room, an accidental touch of the hand, and suddenly you're in bed with a woman you've just met. You hear footfalls on the stairs. The door opens and the woman's husband enters. He puts on his hat, gives a nonchalant wave of his hand and graciously says, '*continuez monsieur!*' And you are *able* to continue. That is savoir faire!"
What do you call an Irish snake in Lord of the Rings? Legolas
A big game hunter walks into a bar A big game hunter walked into a bar and bragged to everyone about his skills as a hunter. The man had undoubtedly a good shot and no one would dispute that. But then he said that they could blindfold him and he would recognize any animal from feeling its skin, and if he could locate the bullet hole he would even tell them what caliber rifle was used to shoot it. This was a bit too much for the other customers, and soon a heated argument was going on. Then the hunter said that he was willing to prove it if they would pay for his drinks. The bet was on- they blindfolded him carefully and took him to his first animal skin. After feeling it for a few moments, he announced, "Springbok." Then he felt for the bullet hole and declared, "And shot with a .22 rifle." The others could not believe it (he was right, of course) and the argument got hotter than before. When some started to suggest that he must have peeped, he said that he was prepared to do it again. If he was right this time too, he could drink for free all night. So they blindfolded him again, very thoroughly this time, and they brought a skin that someone happened to have in the trunk of his car. He took a bit longer this time and then said, "Kalahari Lion," and fingering the bullet hole, said, "and the rifle was a .308". He was right again. At around 3 am, he staggered home, bombed out of his mind, and went to sleep. The next morning he got up and saw in the mirror that he had a black eye. So he said to his wife, "Listen I know I was drunk last night, but not too drunk to know that I did not fight anyone in that bar. So where did I get this black eye?" And his wife replied angrily, "From me, of course!" "But what did I do?" he asked. She replied, "You got into bed and put your hand down inside my panties. Then you fiddled around a bit and announced in a loud triumphant tone, "Skunk, killed with an ax!"
So I was about to roll a joint with a page from the Qur'an... But I decided that I didn't really feel like getting stoned.
What do you call a cow who has just had an abortion? De-calf-inated
Drug Store Robber A man was in need of some quick cash, and so he decided to turn to thievery. He grabbed his gun and visited 5 different drug stores, stealing over 5,000 pills of Viagra. The next day, while preparing to sell the pills, the man's house was surrounded by police. With no place to go, the man decided to swallow the evidence. He is now facing 20 years of hard time.
Did I ever tell you the story about Lola? I wont do it with family around.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing... It just waved.
Did you guys hear who killed Alicia Keys? No oooneee, noooo oneee, nooooooo oooooonnneeee http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE
Father Knows Best! An 18 year old Italian girl tells her Mom that she has missed her period for 2 months. Very worried, the mother goes to the drug store and buys a pregnancy kit. The test result shows that the girl is pregnant! Shouting, cursing, crying, the mother says, "Who was the pig that did this to you? I want to know!" The girl picks up the phone and makes a call. Half an hour later, a Ferrari stops in front of their house. A mature and distinguished man with gray hair and impeccably dressed in an Armani suit steps out of the of the Ferrari and enters the house. He sits in the living room with the father, mother, and the girl and tells them: "Good morning; your daughter has informed me of the problem. I can't marry her because of my personal family situation but I'll take charge. I will pay all costs and provide for your daughter for the rest of her life. Additionally, if a girl is born, I will bequeath a Ferrari, a beach house, 2 retail stores, a townhouse, a beachfront villa, and a $2,000,000 bank account. If a boy is born, my legacy will be two factories and a $4,000,000 bank account. If twins, they each will receive a factory and $2,000,000. However, if there is a miscarriage, what do you suggest I do?" At this point, the father, who had remained silent, places a hand firmly on the man's shoulder and tells him, "You f*** her again."
What's a clown's favorite restaurant? (mod post from r/AntiJokes) I wouldn't know, as a mime I cannot comment.
The coach discovers he is going to die in a week He tells his wife: I want to clear my conscience. I have been unfaithful to you, only once, with your sister. She says: That's okay. I too have been unfaithful to you, only once, with the football team.
The Real Iron Man (Chemistry Joke) My dad and I were talking and figured out who the real Iron Man is. Ferrous Bueller
Wanna hear a joke? Never mind. I was going to make a black joke but I'll slave it for later? Wanna hear a virginity joke? Never mind, I lost it.
Why did the lesbian go to Sports Authority? because she didn't like dicks.
You don't need to learn how to masturbate, It comes naturally.
What a relief! I went out with this one girl, and she scared me. One day she says to me "Soon you're gonna hear the pitter-patter of little feet!" and I'm thinking, "Oh Lord, she's pregnant"... She ended up leaving me for a midget.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink and while he's drinking, the monkey starts jumping all over the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them, then grabs some sliced limes and eats them,then jumps up on the pool table, grabs the cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole. The bartender screams at the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?" The guy says, "No, what?" "He just ate the cue ball off my pool table - whole!" says the bartender. "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replies the patron. "He eats everything in sight, the little twerp. I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff." He finishes his drink, pays his bill, and leaves. Two weeks later he's in the bar again, and he has his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again. While the man is drinking, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it. The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" "Now what?" asks the patron. "Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it!" says the barkeeper. "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replies the patron. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate that damn cue ball he measures everything first!"
A husband was dying Larry was in his deathbed and his faithful wife, Jane, was beside him, witnessing her husband's last moments. Larry looked at her and struggled to get his last words out. "Jane, you were always with me in bad times: when I lost my entire fortune when the stocks crashed; when I had to amputate my legs after the car crashed; and even when I got cancer. Jane, I think you are..." "Yes, dear?" Jane was in tears and drew close to him to catch the last words. "I think you're a bad luck."
Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel prize? He was out standing in his field
So a seal walks into a club...
So I heard they built a gayporn production facility on the CERN-compound... Apparently it's called the "Large Hardon Collider".
How do you get a one armed man out of a tree? Wave to him
A guy picks up a prostitute After they're done she says: I feel so loved. You fuck like a god! As they start smoking a cigarette in bed she asks: By the way, why do you have holes in your hands.
3 wishes There are three friends that are stranded on an island. They stumble upon genie and he grants them three wishes. The first guy wishes that he would off the island. The second guy wished he too would wish to be off the island. The third guy was lonely, and wished his two friends would come back to the island.
A guy is going to loose his virginity that night He asks his friend for help and "directions". His friends says, it's pretty straight forward, just go for the bush. The next day, his friend asks how it went, and he says: It was okay, but I think I dislocated her shoulder.
Mickey Mouse goes to a divorce attorney's office... ...and files for divorce from Minnie. The lawyer says, "Mr. Mouse, it's very sad that you and your wife are divorcing. You're one of show business' most beloved couples. In order to file your request I'll need to specify a reason why you wish to divorce your wife." Mickey tells him. The lawyer replies, "That's very unfortunate, but your wife's mental illness is not grounds for divorce." Mickey responds, "Mental illness? I didn't say she was crazy, I told you she's fucking Goofy!"
My mate Dave's just got back from his third tour of Afghanistan. Hardest bloody bus driver I know.
What defies the law of gravity? Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Why were there only 3,000 Mexicans at The Alamo? They only had 4 cars.
The difference What is the difference between a portuguese woman and a sea lion ? One of them has shiny bodyhair and smells like cod, the other one is a mammal that lives in the sea.
A linguistics professor was lecturing to his class one day... "In English," he said, "A double negative forms a positive. In some languages, though, such as Russian, a double negative is still a negative. However, there is no language wherein a double positive can form a negative." A voice from the back of the room piped up, "Yeah, right."
What was the oak's favorite subject? Chemistree.
We can't have sex. This guy went to a bar...long story short, he met this broad and they went back to his place. Before they got undressed to do the horizontal mambo, he said, "Listen, I'm sorry but I don't think we should have sex right away". "Why's that?" she said. "Well you see, I'm hung like a baby, and I wouldn't want you to laugh and decide you didn't want to have sex with me. Why don't we get to know each other first, and then when we feel we're ready, we'll do it." So the girl agreed, but only because he was a good-looking dude and pretty nice. Several dates later, they make it back to his place again, and after some conversation, they decide it's time. She undresses and slides into bed. He undresses, pulls out his dick, and slams it onto the bed with a thunderous noise. She stares at his gigantic dick, in complete shock and awe. "B-b-but I thought you said you were hung like a baby?" "I am," he replied. "8 lbs, 14 and 1/2 inches." EDIT: Wow. Thanks for the upvotes!
A geeky joke: An SQL Query walks into a bar... ... and joins two tables.
The "Age" of Dinosaurs A woman takes her children to a museum of natural history. As they gaze with wonder at a skeleton of *Tyrannosaurus rex*, she asks a museum guide, a bright-eyed young fellow, "can you tell me how old it is?" The museum guide responds, "well, ma'am, that particular skeleton is 65 million and 2 years, 4 months, and 25 days old." "Amazing!" the mother replies. "How can you know that so well?" "Well," replied the museum guide eagerly, "when I started working here, I asked a scientist working on it the same question. He told me it was 65 million years old. And that was 2 years, 4 months, and 25 days ago."
What did the Wonderbra say to the regular bra? Do you even lift?
Motherfucker Kate and Bob were having sex in their bedroom. Suddenly they hear a noise. They turn around and see little Timmy, their son, in the doorway, looking shocked. After a few seconds, Timmy turns around and runs back to his bedroom. Bob looks at his wife and says: -I'm gonna go talk to Timmy. He walks to Timmy's room, opens the door, and freezes. Timmy is on his bed fucking his grandmother. Bob is flabbergasted. -WHAT THE FUCK!!! says Bob. To which Timmy replies calmly: -It's not so funny when it's your mother now is it?!? (All credits go to Robin Williams!)
Can we stop putting the first sentence of the joke in the title? And then continue it in the text. I can't be the only one annoyed by this. If you're going to do it, at least start over in the text. Option 2 would be to think of a witty joke title, and then tell the joke. EDIT: Alright guys. I get it. I don't have a very good sense of humor. I still stand by my belief and refuse to delete this post.
The Watering Hole An elderly man in Louisiana had owned a large farm for several years. He had a large pond in the back. It was properly shaped for swimming, so he fixed it up nice with picnic tables, horseshoe courts, and some apple and peach trees. One evening the old farmer decided to go down to the pond, as he hadn't been there for a while, and look it over. He grabbed a five-gallon bucket to bring back some fruit. As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny-dipping in his pond. He made the women aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end. One of the women shouted to him, 'we're not coming out until you leave!' The old man frowned, 'I didn't come down here to watch you ladies swim naked or make you get out of the pond naked.' Holding the bucket up he said, 'I'm here to feed the alligator...'
What do you call a cow that's swallowed a stick of dynamite? Abominable.
A pig goes to a bar and knocks back ten beers. "Need to know where the bathroom is? You've had quite a lot," asked the bartender. "Nah," said the pig. "I'm the one that goes wee-wee-wee all the way home."
Can you open your mouth without showing your teeth? You're hired.
What is a male pirates biggest fear? A sunken chest with no booty.
True story: When I shaved my Movember stache on Dec 1st... I thought I looked really young, so I joked with my wife: "how does it feel to be married to a 12-year-old boy?" She replied: "Better than a 12-year-old boy molester." Touche.
There was a guy on a road trip who stopped at a rest stop at an Indian reservation While paying for his items he asked that clerk about a strange man standing out front. The cashier said that's Running Wolf, he remembers everything. On his way out the man deciding to try out the Indians memory asks him what he had for breakfast. The Indian replies "Eggs". The man is slightly impressed but decides he has no better questions and leaves. Years latter the man unknowingly stops at the same rest stop and when he sees an old Indian man he greets him by saying "How". The Indian replies "Scrambled".
My wife says "I want to go... ...somewhere i've never been before." I said, why not try the kitchen.
A photon walks into a hotel..... ..... And is asked if he needs help with his luggage. The photon replies, "No thanks, I'm traveling light."
Pouring rain, New York City. A drunk hails a cab. Cabbie rolls down the windo, the drunk man says "hey mister, do you gave room for half a chicken and a six-pack in here"? Annoyed, the cabbie says "sure" the drunk says BLUGHHHHHH
Why couldn't the Lesbian Jew hook up during passover? She had a yeast infection
What do you call a German dust storm? A Jewish family reunion.
How do you get to Shepherds Bush? Up the Shepherd's leg!
So it was St. Patrick's Day in Ireland... and Sheamus and Murphy were going to grab some beers. As they went out Sheamus looked at Murphy and said "Murphy it's Saint Patrick's day and we don't got fuckin' money, what are we gonna do?" Murphy says "I got an idea meet me at the butcher shop in 10 minutes." 10 minutes goes by and they're at the butcher shop Murphy is holding a sausage link and say's "alright now when we go to a bar, after a couple drinks I'll unzip out the sausage from my pants and you'll start sucking it. The bartender will kick us out and then we don't have to pay for our drinks." Sheamus agreed. They went to their first bar after a couple of drinks they did their gag and the bartender yells "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GUYS DOING, THAT'S BLASPHEMY ON THIS HOLY DAY, YOU TWO GET THE HELL OUT O' HERE!" "Sheamus that worked perfectly, let's go to another" exclaimed Murphy Sheamus agreed. They did this at two more bars and Sheamus asked "can I have the sausage now my knees are killin' me?" Murphy gave him the sausage and ended up going to five more bars until they were hammered Murphy looked at Sheamus and said "Sheamus I don't know if I can go on any more, I'm too fuckin' drunk" Sheamus said "Yeah good thin too I lost that sausage three bars back"
Knock Knock.... -Knock Knock... -Who's There -Panther -Panther who? -Panther no pants, I'm going swimming!
A doctor, an engineer, and a soldier are walking in the woods... A doctor, an engineer, and a soldier are walking in the woods with their dogs on a duck hunting trip. Suddenly, a group of ducks fly up into the air. The doctor pulls out his precision rifle...BANG! BANG! BANG! Three ducks fall from the sky. The doctor yells "Scalpel, fetch!". His dog runs up, skins the three ducks, and lays them down at the doctors feet. The other two are impressed. "He must take after his owner", they decide. A few minutes later, another group of ducks takes flight. The engineer pulls out his specially designed laser rifle- BZZZZZ! Three ducks fall, smoking, from the sky. The engineer yells "Ruler, fetch!" His dog runs out, grabs the three ducks, and lays them down at his feet in a perfect equilateral triangle. The other two men are impressed; "that dog must take after his owner", they decide. A few hundred meters farther on, another group of ducks is startled into the air. The soldier pulls out his Machine Gun- BLAMBLAMBLAMBLAMBLAM! Three ducks fall, riddled with holes, from the sky. The soldier yells "Grunt, fetch!" The dog runs out, eats the ducks, fucks the other two dogs, then requests a leave of absence.
My Favorite Animal Our teacher asked what my favorite animal was, and I said, "Fried chicken." She said I wasn't funny, but she couldn't have been right, because everyone else laughed. My parents told me to always tell the truth. I did. Fried chicken is my favorite animal. I told my dad what happened, and he said my teacher was probably a member of PETA. He said they love animals very much. I do, too. Especially chicken, pork and beef. Anyway, my teacher sent me to the principal's office. I told him what happened, and he laughed, too. Then he told me not to do it again. The next day in class my teacher asked me what my favorite live animal was. I told her it was chicken. She asked me why, so I told her it was because you could make them into fried chicken. She sent me back to the principal's office. He laughed, and told me not to do it again. I don't understand. My parents taught me to be honest, but my teacher doesn't like it when I am. Today, my teacher asked me to tell her what famous person I admired most. I told her, "Colonel Sanders." Guess where I am now..
Just in time for Christmas. Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: Teaching people that it is okay to make people outcasts for being different until that difference benefits someone since 1939.
What do you get when you cross a mountain and a desert? Very tired feet.
Don't ever do that again knock know who's there? 9/11 9/11 who? .... You said you'd never forget
A Programmer goes to the store to buy groceries... .... and while he's there, his wife calls and says: "While you're out, get some eggs." He never returns.
A worried woman...[nsfw] A woman begins dating a new man, and it seems like their relationship is developing well. However, she's worried about the overly large size of her lady orifice. So, she decides to hold off the young man's ardor. She knows she can't wait forever, but she just can't think of what else to do. Finally, after waiting for year, she decides to call her mom and ask for advice. Her mom tells her, "I understand, that problem runs in the family. You should do what I did with your father our first time. You should go down to your local deli and get a couple slices of cold cuts. Fold them up and put them in you. He'll never be the wiser." Following her mom's advice, she goes to the deli and buys some lunch meat. Then she calls her beau to tell him that she's ready for their first time. That night, they have a romantic dinner followed by an amazing round of lovemaking. They fall asleep, sweaty and exhausted near dawn. When she wakes up, she sees a dozen roses on the bed and a note attached. It reads: "My darling, Last night was the most amazing night of my life. The love that we shared was worth every second of the wait. As you read this, I am either shopping for a house with a white picket fence or asking your father for permission to make you my bride. I will be home this evening and we can begin planning the rest of our lives together. I love you. p.s. Your cunt is in the sink"
Last week, I went to my doctor and told him I was constipated. He told me I was full of shit.
I am Pierre, French fighter pilot!! Pierre, a brave French fighter pilot, takes his girlfriend, Marie, out for a pleasant little picnic by the River Seine. It's a beautiful day and love is in the air. Marie leans over to Pierre and says, 'Pierre, kiss me!' Pierre grabs a bottle of Merlot and splashes it on Marie's lips. 'What are you doing, Pierre?' says the startled Marie. 'I am Pierre, French fighter pilot! When I have red meat, I have red wine!' She smiles and they start kissing. Things began to heat up a little and Marie says, 'Pierre, kiss me lower.' Our hero tears her blouse open, grabs a bottle of Chardonnay and pours it on her breasts. ' Pierre ! Pierre ! What are you doing now?' asks the bewildered Marie. 'I am Pierre, French fighter pilot! When I have white meat, I have white wine!' She giggles and they resume their passionate interlude. Marie then leans close to his ear and whispers, 'Pierre, kiss me, kiss me much lower!' Pierre rips off her underwear, grabs a bottle of Cognac and pours it on her pubes... He then strikes a match and sets the cognac on fire. Marie shrieks and dives into the River Seine. Standing waist deep, Marie throws her arms into the air and screams furiously, 'PIERRE, WHAT IN HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?' Our 'hero' stands and shouts defiantly, 'I am Pierre, French fighter pilot! If I go down, I go down in flames!'
How did Jesus feel when they crucified him? He was cross.
Knock knock Who's there? Dexter Dexter, who? Dexter halls with boughs holly!
A pirate captain stands on the bow of his ship... and he sees an enemy ship on the horizon. He calls to his first mate "Bring me my red shirt." A tremendous battle ensues in which the pirate captain is victorious. His curious first mate asks him "Captain, why did you wear your red shirt into battle?" To which the captain responds "Because that way if I were wounded the blood would not be noticeable and the men would fight on." The first mate was impressed, until the next day when the captain spotted ten enemy ships on the horizon and called to his first mate "Bring me my brown pants."
What happens when you put the energizer bunny's battery's in backwards? He keeps coming and coming and coming.
What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch? I ate so many chickpeas, now I falafel.
What does the zero say to the eight? I like your belt. Ok, ok. I know it's elementary, but I still love it.
The son comes out to his dad The son says to his dad: Dad, I am gay. His dad says: You're not gay. Elton John is gay. You're a morose son of a bitch.
What did the man say when he walked into a bar? "Ouch!"
What did the snail say when his friend lost his car? Where did Es-car-go.
What is long, hard, and has cum in it? Cucumber
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just Juan.
Nicknames How do you get bob from "robert" ? -no answer How do you get billy from "william"? -no answer how do you get dick from "richard"? -ask nicely
So I had an Appointment the other day... And I walk in the office. The technician asks me to lay down on this motorized chair. He started to massage my throat, looking for any irregularities. Then he moved on to my chest, and asked me to breathe deeply while he massaged my chest, sensually. He moved down and down until he was at my crotch. He massaged and caressed my balls, all the while I'm starting to feel uncomfortable. When I got home, I said to my girlfriend, "I'm never going to that dentist's office again".
Piss Poor Luck A guy walks into a bar, and slams down a wad of cash and tells the bartender he's on a lucky streak all night. After a few drinks, the guy asks if anyone in the bar are willing to bet hard cash, and the Bartender points him to an area in the back of the bar. A little over an hour later, the guy comes staggering back, drunk off his ass. He trundles over to the bar, and proposes to the Bartender, "I'll bet you $1,000 that I can put a shot glass at one end of your bar and piss into it from the other end of the bar without spilling a drop." The bartender laughs and says, "You're crazy, and drunk, but you're on." The man positions a shot glass on one end, walks to the other end and unzips his fly. Being completely smashed, he then pisses everywhere -- all over the walls, over the bar top, all over the bottles of booze, and all over the bartender. The bartender roars with laughter and tells the man to pay up. The man pulls out his wad of cash, but can't stop laughing to count out the grand. "What are so happy about?" asks the bartender. "You just lost $1,000!" "Well, you know those guys in the back? I bet them all 10 grand that I could piss all over your bar, your walls, your liquor AND you, and not only would you not be mad -- you'd be laughing your ass off."
What's the difference between a baseball and a fat girls pussy? You could probably eat a baseball.
A woman gets on a bus with her baby The bus driver says: "That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen." The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her, "That driver just insulted me!" The man says, "You go right up there and tell him off! Go ahead, I'll hold your monkey for you."
Most offensive one liner joke I know.. So I was eating this bitch out the other day and I tasted horse semen so I looked up and said, "Ooooooh grandma that's how you died."
What's the difference between your mother and a Mallard with a cold? One's a sick duck... I forget the rest but your mother's a whore
An artist is commissioned to create a painting... portraying Colonel Custer's final thoughts before he died. After 6 months of work, the artist reveals the painting to the museum director. To the director's dismay, it is a painting of a lake and fish with halos around their heads jumping out of the water. There are also Indians fornicating on the shore. The director erupts "What is this!? I asked for a painting of Colonel Custer's last thoughts before he died!" The artist replies "This is exactly what he was thinking: 'Holy mackerel, where did all of these fucking Indians come from?'"
Why did Jesus lose his Halo? Nobody wanted to play on his team any longer after he had a 0 and 2 kill/death ratio and it took him 3 days to respawn.
I've finally found something my girlfriend's bum doesn't look big in... ... The distance
The Hypnotist. (NSFW) A hypnotist decides to try out his magic on his girlfriend, Meg, one evening. After a romantic dinner he rakes out his pocket watch and slowly starts swinging it from side to side. Transfixed she stares at it. He says "When I say head, Meg, you will suck my dick, and when I say right nut, Meg, suck my right, and when I say left nut, Meg, suck the left." And with that he puts away the watch, her none-the-wiser as they have a passionate night together while he used his phrases to get just what he wanted. The next week they go to Christmas dinner. They're all having a good time, talking about family and friends and of course, how good the meal was. That one aunt who never shuts up says "So, what did you use in this stuffing? I taste salt, pepper, rosemary, and something else. Is it nutmeg?" The sister replies, yeah right, nutmeg."
How do I know you're getting laid tonight I'm stronger than you
I lost my mood ring... ...I really don't know how I feel about it
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup Everyone can roast beef
A teacher asks her young students a question.. A teacher asks her young students a problem solving question. She says, "Ok students, there are 6 birds sitting on a fence. If you shot at 4 of them how many would be left?" Timmy raises his hand and says "None. The sound of the shot would have scared them all away." The teacher replies, "the answer I was looking for was 2, but I like the way you're thinking." Timmy says "ok now I have a question. There are three women sitting on a bench eating ice cream cones. The first woman only licks the top of the ice cream. The second licks the top all the way down the sides and back up again. And the third woman takes the whole ice cream cone into her mouth until the top of the ice cream hits the back of her throat. My questions is: which one of these women is married?" The teacher thinks for a second and says "the one who puts the whole thing in her mouth." Timmy replies, "Actually, it's the woman wearing the wedding ring. But I like the way you're thinking."
In line at The Pearly Gates... are 3 men. The first approaches St. Peter who says,"Tell me, what did you do in life?" The man explains that he was a priest. St. Peter shakes his hand and ushers him to a waiting escort. The second man steps up. The same question is asked and he explains that he was a doctor. Again he receives a simple hand shake and a single escort. The third man steps forward and explains that he was a lawyer. Suddenly Peter gets very excited. A band comes rushing out of the gates playing, followed by a crowd of people who place the lawyer on their shoulders, and carry him away chanting his name and cheering. The priest and the doctor are confused and ask St. Peter,"What is the deal here? We had much more noble lives than that man. Why does he get such special treatment?" St. Peter replies,"We get priests and doctors all the time. That is our first lawyer."
Hungarian mom yells at her son: "Take off your underwear... ...and put it back on properly: Yellow front, brown back."
I'll get you socks and a dildo for your birthday. So if you don't like the socks, you can go fuck yourself
The Titanic and mayonnaise What a lot of people don't know about the Titanic was that it was carrying a large shipment of mayonnaise to Mexico. In fact, the Mexican people were overjoyed to be receiving this fine delicacy. Sadly, as we all know, the Titanic tragically sank, sending its many tons of mayonnaise to the bottom of the ocean. The Mexican people were saddened by this event, and dedicated an annual event to the remembrance of the mayonnaise We call it Cinco de Mayo
The Note This is a joke my dad used to always tell. A few homeless men are sitting around a fire telling stories about how the poor choices in their lives led them to poverty and eventually to living on the street. Tonight there is a newcomer to the little group and the old members are curious about his story. "You," one man asks, "how did you end up here, with us?" "It's a long story," the man replies. "You wouldn't want to hear it." The rest of the group assure him that indeed they would like to hear his story and that they would not judge him as they are all in a similar situation. So the man begins his story: "Well, it all started about a month ago when I was promoted. I took my family out to our favorite restaurant to celebrate. It was a great night... That is, until my wife left the table with our daughter to go to the restroom. "While they were gone, a man I had never seen before walks up to our table, looks me straight in the eye, and places a note in my hand. I look at the note, and start to tell the man that I cannot read his note because it is in Spanish, but before I can say anything he is gone. "By this time, my wife and daughter are heading back to the table. I explain the odd occurrence to my wife and, remembering she took a couple Spanish classes in college, ask if she can translate the note for me. She takes the note, reads it, and immediately becomes absolutely furious. My wife begins yelling at me in the middle of the restaurant. She takes our daughter, takes my wallet off the table, and rushes out the door. All the while I am chasing after them sputtering over and over that I have no idea what's going on. It was no use. They were gone, and in the one car we owned with all my cash. "Completely taken aback, I stumble around the parking lot for a few minutes. After I finally regain my composure, I phoned a close friend so I could at least get a ride home. He shows up about 20 minutes later and asks me what the hell happened. I explain the entire situation to him and he is as incredulous as I am. He explains that he also knows a little Spanish and needs to see this ridiculous note. I reluctantly pull it out of my pocket and hand it to him. To my complete surprise, my friend takes one look at the note and cold-cocks me straight in the face. He swears at me, jumps back in his car, and speeds off. "Needless to say, I could not possibly be more surprised. There is no way I thought anything, no matter how offensive, could have that effect on this friend of mine. Well, due to my lack of cash, I ended up walking home. During the next couple days, I would proceed to show the note to my landlord, my boss, all of my coworkers... Really, my trying to decipher this note became an obsession. I would show it to anyone willing to take a look, receiving the same disgusted reaction every time. "Well, long story short, I ended up losing my family, friends, job, everything I own. And now I'm here with all of you and all I have is the clothes on my back and this goddamned note." The other men stared at each other in stunned silence. No one knew what to think. Finally, a Hispanic man sitting across from the newcomer spoke up. "Let me see the note." "Well," sighed the man, "you all will hate me like everyone else, but what do I have to lose?" So the newcomer hands the note across the fire... and accidentally drops it in. (my dad is a fucking troll)
some jokes ---------------------------------------- A scotsman in glasgow calls his son in Paris the day before Christmas. He says:"I hate to ruin your day, but your mom and I are getting a divorce. 45 years of misery is enough!". "What are you talking about" yells the son. "We can't see or hear eachother,", says the father, "it makes me sick to even talk about it, so you'll have to tell your sister in London". and so he does. So the daughter calls the father and starts yelling: "YOU ARE NOT GETTING A DIVORCE. WE'RE BOTH COMING OVER AND WE'LL BE THERE TOMORROW. DON'T DO ANYTHING" When the father puts down the phone, he grins to his wife. "The kids will be here tomorrow, and they'll even pay their own trip". ---------------------------------------- A 50-year old goes to confess. "I just had some great sex with an 18-year old." The father tells him to take 7 lemons, squeeze and drink the glass bottoms-up. "Will that absolve me from my sins, Father?" "No, but it will get that smug grin from your face" ---------------------------------------- In some governemental institution, mice have infested the archives. The heads of staff gather to find a solution. The proposed solution is to hire a cat. This actually solves the problem in quite a minimal amount of time. However, a few months later, the mice are back. The president goes to one of the heads of staff and asks: "John, how come the mice are back, haven't we got a cat now"? Answers John: "Yeah, but he's no longer temporary, but one of our real employees" ---------------------------------------- PS: english not my native language, please excuse liberal translation errors EDIT: typo and other corrections
You know what I don't get? Jobs.
What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Being raped
So the Pope joined twitter so he can "Reach out to a younger generation." He is certainly not the first Catholic to have done that.
Why do chicken coops have 2 doors? Because if they had 4 doors they would be called chicken sedans!
What happened to the Asian man who walked into a wall with a boner? He smashed his his nose.
A young soldier is having a cigarette... A young Corporal is sitting in the smoking area having a cigarette, when a brand new Lieutenant walks up him. The Lieutenant asks "Corporal, do you have change for a $20 bill?" The Corporal replies "Yea, sure buddy, one second." Hearing this, the Officer grows cross. "Corporal, I am a Commissioned Officer and you will address me appropriately. Stand up straight, get that smoke out of your mouth, and try again. Now, do you have change for a $20 bill?" The Corporal stands straight up, looks directly to his front and yells "SIR, I DO NOT, SIR!"
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip
Who has the coldest sperm? There was a contest about who has the coldest sperm. 3 men tried out. The 1st guy masturbated and poured his sperm in a bucket of water and it turned into ice. The 2nd guy masturbated and poured his sperm in a nearby river and it turned into thick ice. The 3rd guy masturbated and poured his sperm in the floor, NOTHING HAPPENED. And people started to boo the guy, then suddenly the floor, where he poured his sperm, quaked and split in to two and Satan coming out. Satan said "Oh, Shit it's too damn cold down there."
Why the Spainish love English class.... Essays
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead spy get caught behind enemy lines... The enemy puts each of them against a fence to be shot. The general orders his squad, "Ready. Aim." The brunette spy is quick on her feet and yells, "TORNADO! TORNADO! TORNADO!" The entire firing squad goes to the bunker to hide and waits for the tornado to pass. The brunette then unties her bondage and escapes. The redhead spy sees this and comes up with her own plan. The firing squad returns to kill the remaining two spies. The general orders again, "Ready. Aim." The redhead spy then shouts, "EARTHQUAKE! EARTHQUAKE! EARTHQUAKE!" The enemy takes cover from the earthquake. The redhead spy then unties her bondage and escapes. The blonde spy is no dumby she gets an idea of her own. The firing squad returns to kill the last remaining spy. The general orders once more, "Ready. Aim." The blonde spy ready to run yells, "FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!"
Four musicians and a drummer walk into a bar. (Drummer jokes!) How do you know when a drummer is at your door? *The knocking speeds up and he doesn't know where to come in.* How do you get the drummer away from your door? *Pay for the pizza.* What do you call a drummer with half a brain? *Gifted.* Why did the bassist keep drumsticks on his dashboard? *So he could park in the handicap spot.* What's the difference between a drummer and a pizza? *A pizza can feed a family of four.* How many drummers does it take to change a light bulb? *Ten: one to change it, and nine to say how Neil Peart would have done it better*.
r/funny told me to post it here. So, a married couple went to the hospital A married couple went to the hospital so that the woman could give birth to her child. Upon their arrival the doctor told them that they invented a new machine where they could transfer some of the labor pain to the father. He asked them if they would like to try it and they agreed. So the doctor set the pain to be transferred to 10% and told the man that this would be the most painful thing he ever experienced. But when labor set in the man still felt absolutely fine and the doctor set the machine to 20%. The man still felt fine so the doctor set it to 50% whilst checking the vitals man. Still no problem for the man. So he asked the doctor if he could set it to 100% because he could see how comfortable his wife was getting. After 2 hours of labor the woman gave birth to a healthy baby. Both were pretty astonished, thanked the doctor left. When they came home the milkman was lying dead on the porch.
What do you call a black man who flies a plane? [2 part] A pilot, you racist. What do you call a Japanese man who flies a plane? A pirate.
Kate Middleton has said if she has a boy she will call him by the most popular British boy's name at the moment. We look forward to the arrival of baby Mohammed.
"I've just been out and bought your Christmas present", I said to my wife when I got home last Saturday. "You're holding a pig on a lead", she replied furiously, "What the hell made you think that I'd want a pig for Christmas?" "Don't worry, the pig's not your present", I laughed, "I just took him along to give me a rough idea of your size."
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to hold the bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
Sawing Wood So a gentleman walks into a Sears store to buy a saw. The store employee recommends to the customer a smal entry level chainsaw insisting that it will make the man's job much easier. The customer is reluctant at first but upon being assured that anyone can use a chainsaw he decides to make the purchase. So he took his new saw home and started cutting wood. But it took forever and was much slower than his trusty old hand saw. Irate, the man took his saw back to the store to complain to the employee about how bad it was. The employee checks the saw out briefly, sets it down and starts it right up. The customer was flabbergasted. "You mean it turns on and makes noise!"
Why did the monkey put a bone in his mouth? He wanted to smoke a joint!
Do you know why I stopped playing Uno with my Mexican friends? They steal all the green cards.
What is it called when the gynecologist slanders your grandfather? A pap smear.
A woman gets into a car accident and goes into a coma... The doctors and nurses do everything to try and help her but no response. They call in her husband to give him the news when a nurse comes running out and pulls the doctor aside. She says; "Doctor while I was giving the woman a sponge bath I washed her vagina and her heart rate and brain activity increased." The doctor thinks about this for a second and goes back to the husband. He then tells him; "Sir, your wife is very injured and nothing has seemed to work until five minutes ago. I know this will sound unorthodox but I recommend oral sex as it seems to be the only thing she has responded to." The husband seems very uneasy about this and the doctor continues to ask him to do this assuring him that it will be private and no one will interrupt him. The husband agrees and walks into the room to help his wife. A few minutes later the woman flat lines and the husband rushes out of the room. The doctor asks him what has happened and the man replies. "I think she choked."
Heard this one from my trumpet playing band director Does anyone know the Trumpeteer handshake? "Hi, I'm better than you"
I hope all goes well with Princess Kate's baby delivery.., ...but I think it might turn out to be a royal pain in the ass.
UNO-Witz! Im letzten Monat hat die UNO eine weltweite Umfrage durchgefuhrt. Die Frage war: Teilen sie uns bitte die ehrliche Meinung zur Losung der Nahrungsknappheit im Rest der Welt mit! Die Umfrage stellte sich (nicht unerwartet) als Riesenflopp heraus: 1.)In Afrika wussten die Teilnehmer nicht was "NAHRUNG" ist 2.)Osteuropa wusste nicht was "EHRLICH" heisst 3.)Westeuropa kannte das Wort "KNAPPHEIT" nicht 4.)Die Chinesen wussten nicht was "MEINUNG" ist 5.)Der Nahe Osten fragte nach, was denn "LOSUNG" bedeute 6.)Sudamerika kannte die Bedeutung von "BITTE" nicht 7.)Und in den USA wusste niemand, was "DER REST DER WELT" ist.....
Monthly payments... A husband and his wife were having a terrible fight. He tells her "i'm leaving you and i'm taking back everything i ever gave you ! I even want back the blood I gave you when you were sick !" Mad, she goes to the bathroom, pulls out her tampon and throws it in the guy's face. "Here, you can have it, you bastard ! I'll be giving it to you in monthly payments!"
An old joke, I hadn't thought of in years. A group of scientists wanted to do some experiments on how brains function. They got a volunteer and taught him the row-row-your-boat song, and had him practice until he knew the whole song perfectly. They asked him to sing it and he did so without a problem. They put him under and removed 1/4 of his brain. Once he woke up, they asked him to sing the song and he sang it but left out every 4th word. This is amazing, they thought. So they put him under and removed another 1/4 of his brain. When he woke up, he managed to sing the song but only with 1/2 the words. They decided to try again and removed another 1/4 of his brain. To their amazement, he managed to sing the song but only one in four words. They decided to go all of the way and remove the last part of his brain. When he woke up, they excitedly prodded him to sing the song. He stared at them and then slowly.... began ...... to ...... sing ....... "Be all that you can be! In the ARRRMYY!" . . Joke was told to me by a US Marine.
The hospital is being audited The auditor, accompanied by the hr manager, visits one department after another, until they reach a room where the nurses are giving hand jobs to the patients. The auditor is appalled and demands explanation. The hr manager explains that the patients in this area suffer from a condition which demands they are masturbated daily, but are so weak that they cannot do it themselves. As they walk down hall, they see a nurse having sex with a patient. The auditor is shocked and becomes red in the face, and yells: How do you explain this? The hr manager explains: He has full coverage. [insurance]
A boy is told by a classmate that every adult has at least one big secret and that it is easy to blackmail them by saying: I know the whole truth. When the boy comes home he decides to test this, so he goes to his mother and says: I know the whole truth. The mother gives him $20 and says: Take this and go just don't tell your father anything. Next, the boy goes to his father and says: I know the whole truth. The father gives his son $40 and says: Take this and go just don't tell your mother anything. The next day on the way to school the boy sees the mailman and says to him: I know the whole truth. The mailman responds: Then come give your daddy a big hug!
A joke that never ends.. I would like to start a thread that everyone adds to the joke and see how creative we can all get
a man comes home... to find his wife, laying naked on the bed, sweating. He knows she is cheating on him so he searches the entire apartment, tearing all the clothes out of the closet, knocking bookshelves over, taring the whole place apart. all the while, steadily building into a rage! then he looks out the window and sees a man hanging from the balcony below his naked! so he runs to the kitchen, grab the refrigerator and throws it on top of the guy. then promptly falls over and dies of a hear attack. at the pearly gates of heaven, three guys are standing there, the first is the man who died of a heart attack, and he tells peter the whole story then is admitted into heaven. the next guy tell peter: "i was minding my own business, doing my usual morning yoga when a commotion in the apartment above mine caused me to lose my balance and fall off my balcony! luckily i caught the railing, and was just about to pull myself up when some lunatic throws a fridge on me!" he is then admitted into heaven, the next guy starts with: "picture this, i'm naked in a refrigerator..."
Minimum Wage The Montana Department of Employment, Division of Labor Standards got an anonymous tip that a small rancher was not paying proper wages to his help. They immediately sent an official agent out to investigate him. GOVT AGENT: I need a list of your employees and how much you pay them. RANCHER: Well, there's my hired hand who's been with me for 3 years. I pay him $350 a week plus free room and board. GOVT AGENT: Well, those payments and conditions are within the law. Anybody else work here? RANCHER: Well, I wasn't going to say. But there's also a mentally challenged guy. He works about 18 hours every day and does about 90% of all the work on the ranch. He makes about $10 per week, sometimes less. He pays his own room and board. I do buy him a bottle of bourbon every Saturday night so he can cope with life, but then sometimes he tries to make love to my wife. GOVT AGENT: Okay, yes, then THAT's the guy I heard about, and need to talk to -- the mentally challenged one. RANCHER: That would be me.
A Santa joke. So what does a pimp and Santa have in common? They both go Ho Ho Ho I'll see myself [out] (http://i.imgur.com/9gdyd.gif)
Want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke. Joke. Jooooooooooke.
A guy buys a vintage motorcycle. A guy buys a vintage motorcycle he saw for sale in an ad in the paper. When he goes to pick the bike up, the dude who sells him the bike says, "Now remember....that's all original leather. You can't let it get too wet. If it starts raining and you don't have anywhere to shelter it, make sure you keep a tub of vaseline with you. Rub it all over the seat so the water will just bead off." The guy takes his new bike and goes to pick up his girlfriend. The girlfriend invites the guy over to her parents house for dinner. This will be the first time he's ever eaten with her family. "I should let you know the rule of the table" she said. "There is no talking allowed. The first person to talk at the table has to clean the dishes." The guy doesn't think this is that big of a deal until he arrives at the family's house and looks in the kitchen. There must be at least three months worth of dishes inside. They are stacked up to the ceiling, stinking and rotting of mold and old bits of food everywhere. The guy almost throws up at the smell and sight of such a disgusting state of affairs. Dinner begins, and no one is saying a word. The tension is starting to get to the boyfriend, so he concocts a plan to make someone else speak first. The guy drops his fork, goes over to his girlfriend at the table, throws her up on top and just starts fucking her in front of everyone. The father and mother are obviously mortified. But even with their jaws on the floor, no one says a word. The guy stops and thinks to himself "This is going to be harder than I thought...." Then he gets another idea. Without hesitation, he runs over to the mother, throws her up on the table and fucks the shit out of her, right in front of the father. The dad is staring daggers through the boyfriend and turning bright red in anger. But still says nothing. The girlfriend is becoming teary eyed and covering her mouth with her hands, but doesn't make a peep. The boyfriend stops fucking the mother and sits back down at his seat, completely flustered. He takes a gander out the window, and notices a sudden heavy rain has settled in. He then realizes that his vintage motorbike is parked on the street, uncovered. The boyfriend pops out of his seat and grabs his tub of vaseline. The dad jumps out of his chair and yells out, "ALRIGHT, I'LL DO THE GODDAMNED DISHES!"
A Higgs Boson particle walks into a church... The priest says ''We don't allow you in here- you call yourself the God particle- that's sacrilegious!'' The Higgs Boson particle responds, ''Hey, if you don't allow the Higgs Boson particle, how do you have Mass?''
The Night Light A 90 year old man goes for a physical. All of his tests come back with normal results. The doctor says, "George, everything looks great. How are you doing mentally and emotionally? Are you at peace with God?" George replies, "God and I are tight. He knows I have poor eyesight, so He's fixed it so when I get up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, poof! The light goes on. When I'm done, poof! The light goes off." "Wow, that's incredible," the doctor says. A little later in the day, the doctor calls George's wife. "Ethel," he says, "George is doing fine! But I had to call you because I'm in awe of his relationship with God. Is it true that he gets up during the night, and poof! the light goes on in the bathroom, and when he's done, poof! the light goes off?" "Oh sweet Jesus" exclaims Ethel. "He's peeing in the refrigerator again!
A guy buys a motorcycle.... [NSFW] Ted buys a harley. The seller tells him, "whenever it's gonna rain, rub Vaseline on the chrome so it won't rust." And he hands Ted a jar of Vaseline. That night, his girlfriend takes him to meet her parents. So they take the bike. But just before they go in, She says: "I have to tell you When we eat, we don't talk. In fact, the first person who says anything during dinner has to do the dishes." "Okay", he says. They sit down and no one says a word. As dinner goes on, Ted decides to test the situation. So he reaches over and grabs her boob. Nobody says a word. So he stands up, rips her clothes off, and screws her right there, in front of her parents. But no one says a word. So he grabs the mom, bends her over the table and nails her, then sits down But still, Total silence. All of a sudden there is a loud clap of thunder, and it starts to rain. Ted remembers his bike, so he pulls the jar of Vaseline from his pocket... Suddenly the father shouts: "I'll DO the FUCKIN' dishes!"
A priest, a rabbi, a nun, a doctor, an engineer and a blond walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey, what is this, some kind of a joke?"
Do you smoke? Lady: Do you smoke? Man: Yes Lady: How many packs a day? Man: 3 packs Lady: How much per pack? Man: $10 Lady: And how long have you been smoking? Man: 15 years Lady: So 1 pack costs $10 and you have 3 packs a day which puts your spending each month at $900. In one year it would be $10,800, correct? Man: Correct Lady: If in 1 year you spend $10,800 not accounting for inflation, the past 15 years puts your spending at $162,000, correct? Man: Correct Lady: Do you know that if you hadn't smoked, that money could have been put in a step-up interest savings account and after accounting for compound interest for the past 15 years, you could have now bought a Ferrari? Man: Do you smoke? Lady: No Man: Where's your fucking Ferrari then?
An old joke I was once told - Long! A man is watching documentaries and happens to hear a segment about the song of the cockatoo. He falls in love with the sound and decides to head out to a pet store and adopt one the next day. When he arrives, the owner of the pet store informs him that although they are all out of cockatoos, they do have one cockatiel in the store. "But I don't want a cockatiel, I fell in love with the sound of the cockatoo!" Exclaims the man. "Aha, but that's where I can help you!' says the Owner. 'Once you get the cockatiel home, gently file half an inch off it's beak and it will make a sound identical to the cockatoo, and for less than half the price! But be careful not to file too much off, or when it takes a drink of water from it's bowl it won't be able to swallow properly and it'll drown." The man decided this sounded more than a little suspect, so he decided to visit another local pet store and find himself a cockatoo. "I'd like to buy a cockatoo, I fell in love with their sound watching a documentary last night" "We don't have any cockatoos left in stock I'm afraid,' said the owner of the next shop. 'but if you file half an inch off the beak of this cockatiel it'll sound just like a cockatoo, and for almost half the price! Be careful not to file too much off though, as it could drown in it's bowl when it takes a drink of water." The man thinks it strange to be told the same story by a second pet shop owner, so he decides it's worth taking a drive to the next town over for another opinion. Walking into the shop and seeing no cockatoos, the man's warning bells stir, however he proceeds to repeat his request. "I'm sorry, we're all out of cockatoos" the shop owner apologises. "Let me guess. You have a cockatiel, I have to file it's beak half an inch, it will sound like a cockatoo, for half the price, but don't file too much or it'll drown and die, right!?" The man was exasperated at this point. "Yes that's it exactly! The same sound but 25% less cost! Do you work in the pet business?" "Fine. I'll take the cockatiel." The man concedes and purchases the cockatiel and cockatiel related accessories, not wanting to travel back to the first stores. He picks up a file from the hardware store next door on his way home. The hardware store attendant notices his other cargo. "Ah! Trying to make your cockatiel sound like a cockatoo I see! You'll be needing a 1/2 inch bastard file." He said, guiding him to the right aisle. The man felt encouraged more from this advice than from the previous 3 pet shop owners and goes home feeling faintly optimistic. The next day, the man returns to the 3rd pet shop. "I need to buy another cockatiel." He says, defeated. "Ahh, did you file too much from it's beak, causing it to drown when it went to take a drink of water from it's bowl?" Asked the shopkeeper? "No." Said the man. "It was dead by the time I got it's head out of the vice."
A woman goes to the hospital to give birth. A good while later, she finds herself pushing like crazy, to the support of the doctor and the nurses, the father being unknown. As the baby finally comes out, she faints, and sits unconscious for some time. She wakes up a few minutes later, confused and with a blurry vision, only to see the doctor through her half-closed eyes, throwing her baby with all his might against the wall. The shock makes her faint again immediately. Some more minutes later, she wakes up in the same dazed state, to see the doctor grab her baby and throw him violently out the window. Again, she faints, still not believing what she just saw. Finally, she wakes up to the doctor shaking her and telling her to wake up. In a moment of panic, she grabs him and begins stuttering: "D-d-doctor!! My b-baby! Was it a dream?" To which the doctor replies: "APRIL FOOL'S!!! Your baby was already dead!!! :D"
what the black guy get on his SAT's? BBQ sauce
What kind of shoes do therapists wear? Issues.
Math and sex... sex is like math: you add the bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs and hope you don't multiply
69 Billy is a socially awkward boy who still has his virginity on his 18th birthday. Billy's dad learns this and says to his son "C'mon Billy, I'm taking you to the brothel for your birthday present." Billy is unsure about this because he is mostly ignorant when it comes to anything having to do with sex. Although apprehensive, Billy agrees to his dad's plan. Once they arrive to the brothel, Billy's dad tells him to ask the woman for a "69". "69?" says Billy. "What's that?" "Don't worry son, just tell her you want to 69. I promise you'll love it" says the dad gleefully. Billy agrees and joins the woman in the back room. Once alone with his birthday present, Billy tells her he want to 69. The woman agrees with a coy smile. She lays Billy on his back and assumes the position. As she is lowering herself onto his face the woman unexpectedly farts very loudly into Billy's face. The smell is horrendous. "Oh, I'm so sorry!" says the woman as she goes an opens a window. "Let's try again" she says. The woman again assumes the position and begins lowering herself onto Billy's face. Again, a fart of epic proportions escapes and hits Billy dead-on in the face. "Oops!" says the woman as she tries to fan the ass fumes out the open window. "Well, where were we?" asks the woman as she walks back toward Billy. The woman begins to assume the position again and as she is lowering herself onto Billy he pushes her aside and jumps out of the bed. "Look," says Billy. "I may not be the most experienced lover in the world, but if you think I'm sitting through 67 more of those, you're out of your damn mind!"
How do you get out of Sunday school? You tell your mom you're Sikh.
Knock Knock Who's there? Two Two Who? To Whom!
Rude awakening A wife went in to see a therapist and said, "I've got this problem doctor. Every time we're in bed my husband climaxes, he let's out this ear splitting yell." "My dear," the shrink said "that's completely natural. I don't see what the problem is.". "The problem," she complains, " is that it wakes me up."
blonde joke 1. four sailor girls have tried to rebuild a titanic. unfortunetely, they crash on an island. the first, being a normal redhead, is an exellent swimmer. she makes it all the way to new york city in just an hour. the second one, a ginger, swims one quarter of the way but drowns. the third, a brunnette, swims about 1 quarter of the way but realizes she too could drown and swims back to the island, deciding eventually she'll try to go back when she is more skilled. the last one, a blonde, swims half the way, gets tired, and turns back. joke 2. three spies, a brunnette, a redhead, and a blonde are adventuring. they all took advice from superhero supercat. but the blonde thought cats were stupid and ignored him while listening to her ipod. now, they had been caught by an army of evil blondes (that are almost as dumb as the blonde spy.) and they are trying to kill the spies. the brunnette and the redhead remember the super hero's advice: "if you are about to get caught, give them a warning like 'tornado! run!' or 'earthquake ahead!' " the brunette decides to follow this advice. the army is about to shoot. "ready.aim." then, the brunette screams "I SEE A TORNADO! GO! RUN!''. she escapes back to headquarters. the redhead, remembering also, waits for the "ready, aim." sequence. then she tells them there is an earthquake.she too escapes. the army say "okay, we won't fall for anything again. ready, aim." the blonde, not knowing what to do, just decides to scream "FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!!!!" joke 3 a blonde is in a canoe in the middle of a field. another blonde comes to a halt in her car next to the first and says "so *you* are the one making blondes look bad! i should get you for this! you're *really* lucky i don't know how to swim, little gal, cause if i did you'd be toast!!!" Joke 4. three friends are in the olympics. their names are roxie, (a black haired girl) Amanda, (a redhead) and Dorra, (a blonde.). they are in the finals and have a very tough challenge: they must swim across the ocean. they are using breast stroke. the first and second girl make it in a day. roxie says "i guess we really beat dorra." "yes, we did!" says Amanda. i no more than a week, Dorra finally shows up. looking angry, she gets out of the water. she finds the friends, gives them a furious look, and screams "OH MY GOD! what is wrong with you? you'll be illuminated for sure." Roxie and Amanda ask "what do you mean?" Dorra looks at them. "you know what i mean! i'm talking about you cheated!" "and how did we cheat?" says roxie. "you used your hands!" says Dorra. Joke 5. A man is driving along a highway and sees a rabbit jump out across the middle of the road. He swerves to avoid hitting it, but unfortunately the rabbit jumps right in front of the car. The driver, a sensitive man as well as an animal lover, pulls over and gets out to see what has become of the rabbit. Much to his dismay, the rabbit is dead. The driver feels so awful that he begins to cry. A beautiful blonde woman driving down the highway sees a man crying on the side of the road and pulls over. She steps out of her car and asks the man what's wrong. "I feel terrible!" he explains, "I accidentally hit this rabbit and killed it." The blonde says, "Don't worry." She runs to her car and pulls out a spray can. She walks over to the limp, dead rabbit, bends down, and sprays the contents onto the rabbit. The rabbit jumps up, waves its paw at the two of them and hops off down the road. Ten feet away the rabbit stops, turns around and waves again, he hops down the road another 10 feet, turns and waves, hops another ten feet, turns and waves, and repeats this again and again and again, until he hops out of sight. The man is astonished. He runs over to the woman and demands, "What is in that can? What did you spray on that rabbit?" The woman turns the can around so that the man can read the label. It says.. "Hair Spray - Restores life to dead hair, and adds permanent wave." Joke 6.A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!'' Joke 7. A blonde has her hair dyed brown. A few days later she's out driving through the countryside when she stops her car to let a flock of sheep pass. Admiring the cute woolly creatures, she says to the shepherd, "If I can guess how many sheep you have, can I take one?" The shepherd agrees, so the blonde thinks for a moment and says, "352." The shepherd is amazed, "You're right! Which sheep do you want?" The blonde picks the cutest animal. The shepherd says to her, "Okay. How's this for a bet? If I can guess your real hair color, can I have my dog back?" Joke 8. there is a blonde, a brunnette, and a rehead in front of heavan.in order for them to enter, they must climb 100 whole steps of stairs. they are very nervous about this, hoping they won't fail this test. They may take 1 step at a time whenever God tells them a joke and they cannot laugh, otherwise they will fall down to hell. The Red head falls down on the 55th stair, the Brunette falls down on the 70th stair, and the blonde falls down on the 99th stair. God then asks the blonde, "You were so close! Why did you laugh?" And the blonde woman answered, "I just got the first joke.." Anti joke bonus! how do you confuse a blonde? you paint yourself green and throw forks at her. p.s. if you're wondering about supercat, he's a superhero i put on cheezburger as a daily comic. EDIT: there, i fixed it, sheesh you didn't have to get so mad about it i'm not good at math. ANOTHER EDIT: i gave it more jokes.
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a Spaniard and a German... ... are all standing watching a street performer do some excellent juggling. The juggler notices that the four gentlemen have a very poor view, so he stands up on a large wooden box and calls out, "Can you all see me now?" "Yes." "Oui." "Si." "Ja."
Badum tish. Hey, so this baby seal walks into a club.
What do you call an organised rebellion with twice as many people as usual? A sedan d'etat.
What does a whore call a bus load of men? Meals on Wheels
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Don't be silly, Californians screw in hot tubs!
Knock Knock..... who's there? Owls. Owls Who? Yes they do...
When the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show comes on the TV. So do I.
How many children with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb? Wanna go swimming?
A teacher at an international school... asks her class what their opinion is on giving food to people in other countries. The Jewish kid asks "What is giving?" The African kid asks "What is food?" The Chinese kid asks "What is my opinion?" And the American kid asks "What are other countries?"
Same as downtown Two monks were walking through town when they heard a prostitute tell a guy he could get a blowjob for five dollars. Since they lived a very sheltered life they had no idea what a blowjob was. After talking about it for a while and not wanting to look stupid by asking any of the brothers at the monastery, they decided to ask the mother superior. So they went to her room and knocked on the door. She was busy so she asked them what they wanted. Nervously the monk just blurted out. "We were wondering "What's a blowjob?" To which she quickly answered "Five dollars, same as downtown."
Stolen Gate The other day, I looked out my window to see two guys stealing my side gate! I didn't say anything to them though. I didn't want them to take offence.
What do you call a turtle with an erection? A slow poke!
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants. I'll show myself out.
Blonde, brunette, and a red head A blonde, a brunette and a red head were running from the police. The three women ducked into an old barn on the side of the road. Inside the barn were three empty sacks and they decided to hide in them. In walk the police. They see the three sacks and are immediately suspicious. An officer kicks the sack the brunette is in so she says "Meow!" "Oh it's just a cat." He says. The cop goes to the red head and kicks the sack shes in. She says "Woof!" "Oh it's just a dog." So he moves onto the last sack where the blonde is hiding. He walks up and gives it one good kick. "Potatoes!"
There were to couples making out.... in the park, they're hidden behind the trees. The guy started to take his pants off. The girl asked "Shall I take my pants off too?" The guy said "Why are you having diarrhea too?"
Help me finish this joke? "Why did the fire-hydrant cross the intersection?" I was messing around in class today and my teacher said something about blue stopping lights having something to do with fire hydrants (I have no idea), to which I blurted out the above. One of the cutest girls in my class started laughing her ass off and thought I was setting up for a joke, but I couldn't think up a good ending on the spot so she said it was really disappointing...which is why I come to you guys for help =D ~thanks (btw I'm new here so i dont know how this whole redditting thing works quite yet)
Knock knock "who's there?" interrupting cow with alzheimer's disease "interrupting cow with alzheimer's disease who?" knock knock "who's there?" moooooooooo ::silence::
Supermom! Me: MOM CAN YOU MAKE ME A SANDWICH??? *doesnt hear* *whispers to myself* "deaf bitch" Mom: WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME?
A sexy woman went up to the bar in a quiet pub. She gestured alluringly to the bartender who approached her immediately. She seductively signaled that he should bring his face closer to hers. As he did, she gently caressed his full beard. "Are you the manager?" she asked, softly stroking his face with both hands. "Actually, no," he replied. "Can you get him for me? I need to speak to him," she said, running her hands beyond his beard and into his hair. "I'm afraid I can't," breathed the bartender. "Is there anything I can do?" "Yes. I need for you to give him a message," she continued, running her forefinger across his lips and slyly popping a finger into his mouth. "What should I tell him?" the bartender, flustered, managed to say. "Tell him," she whispered, "there's no toilet paper, hand soap, or paper towels in the ladies' room."
What kind of amphibian is in charge of the salad bar? a salad-manager
A man walks in to a bar with an alligator. He says to the entire bar "I bet you all a round of drinks that I can put my testicles in this alligators mouth for 10 seconds, and remove them unharmed!" Everyone shrugs and says why not. The man drops his pants, opens the gators mouth, inserts his balls, then the jaws snap shut. 10 seconds later he smacks a bottle on the alligators head to remove his man bits unscathed. Everybody cheered and got him drinks. The man then says "if anybody else can do this, I'll give them $100!" A lady says "I'll give it a shot, but can you not hit my head with the bottle?"
What is 34.5? 69 for midgets
Why have all the immigrants left? They had no rights.
Two women were sitting quietly...
What do you call a "to-go" dish ordered from German-Italian restaurant? Alfredosehen
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Follow the fresh prints!
One goes East, one goes West... It is a Friday night, and everyone is heading home for the weekend. An Army Sergeant leaves the base late, heading west for his home. Across town, at another base, an Air Force Sergeant also leaves late, heading east. The snow starts blowing, and the sun sets. On the highway, both Sergeants begin to nod off. Suddenly, they are right on top of each other. CRUNCH! Both Sergeants are O.K, but their cars are demolished. They both jump out, to check on the other driver. They see each other at the same time. "It figures, I get rammed by some dumbass Army dick" spits the Air Force Sergeant. "Fuckin' Chair Force can't hit anything but me" replies the Army Sergeant. They swap insults back and forth, until the Army Sergeant has a revelation. "Listen man, I know you are Air Force, and I am Army, and we are supposed to hate each other, but we are both on the same side here. We should be celebrating the fact that neither of us are hurt." "I agree", says the Air Force Sergeant. "How can we celebrate way out here, at this time of night though?" "Well," says the Army Sergeant, "I had a bottle of 60 year old, single malt scotch whiskey in my trunk. I was on my way to my sons wedding, and I was going to give it to him as a gift. I know that if he were here with us right now, he would want us to share it together." The Army Sergeant walks to his car, pries the trunk open, and, miraculously, the scotch is still intact. He pulls out the bottle, along with a couple of highball glasses. Filing both glasses to the brim, he hands one to the Air Force Sergeant. "Here's to to us, to the military, and to the Queen!". Both Sergeants bang their glasses together, and the Air Force Sergeant drains his entire glass in one gulp. The Army Sergeant just looks blankly at him. "Whats the matter buddy, aren't you going to drink the whiskey?" asks the Air Force Sergeant. The Army Sergeant responds by splashing the contents of his glass all over the Air Force Sergeant, soaking him in scotch from head to toe. "No", replies the Army Sergeant. "I'm going to wait for the police to show up."
What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A Baboom!
A stranger makes a bet with the horse owner A stranger bets the horse owner that he can make his horse laugh. Astounded by this, the horse owner accepts the bet. The stranger whispers in the horse's ear, and the horse starts laughing really hard. The owner is flabbergasted. The stranger bets him again he can make the horse cry, goes up to the horse and soon the horse is weeping like a little baby. The horse owner demands explanation, offering money to the stranger to reveal his secret. The stranger says: I made the horse laugh when I told him I had a bigger dick, I made him cry when I showed him.
What do you do with 365 used condoms? Roll them up into a tire and call it a Goodyear!
Infamous Laffy Taffy joke. (This is kind of long, so you should only read if you're kind of interested.) Hey everyone. I was trying to think of where to put this and I figured r/jokes was the best place. I'm not sure if any of you are familiar with the infamous Laffy Taffy joke which goes: What kind of garden grows the most vegetables? A Flash Garden. This joke seems to drive a lot of people crazy. A lot of people are dismissing it as "It doesn't make sense, that's why it's funny." Also from what I've seen a lot of people seem to think it's a reference to Flash Gordon, which still let's them down as a punchline. They think the joke is horrible. There was even a short news bit about it on fox http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,235301,00.html But that's not right. This is actually the greatest joke in LT history (if it was intentional). Or maybe I'm the only one that finds it funny. This is actually a TWO part joke, and the last half of the joke is so genius (again, if it was intentional) that I have to let everyone know so we can put this to rest. Now, if you want to find this joke on a wrapper you can only find it on banana flavored Laffy Taffy. I was eating a bag of LT during a hurricane. My power was out so I was reading all the of jokes on the wrappers to keep myself busy. Then I pulled a banana piece and read the joke. What kind of garden grows the most vegetables? I was familiar with this joke and was always frustrated that it didn't make sense. So I sat there, chewing on the taffy thinking about the joke. It was banging around my head, it's all I could concentrate on for fifteen minutes. A Flash Garden? That doesn't make sense! Why did they put a joke on here that doesn't make sense? And why is it ONLY on banana wrappers? Oh. OH. TLDR: What kind of garden grows the most vegetables? A Flash Garden. Why is this joke only on Banana Laffy Taffys? Because it drives people bananas.
A Norwegian Love Story Max and Arlene lived by a lake in Norway. It was early winter and the lake had frozen over. Max asked Arlene if she would walk across the frozen lake to the general store to get him some beer. She asked him for some money but he told her, "Nah, just put it on our tab." So Arlene walked across, got the beer at the general store, and walked back home across the lake. When she got home and gave Max his beer, she asked him, "Max, you always tell me not to run up the tab at the store. Why didn't you just give me some money?" Max replied, "I wasn't sure how thick the ice was yet."
The hitchhiker A guy with 3 eyes, one leg, and no arms is hitchhiking. Suddenly a nice English gent pulls over and says "eye, eye, eye, you look 'armless, hop in."
I tried playing UNO with all my Mexican friends... ... but they kept stealing all the green cards!
How many ladybugs does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.
What do you call a Mexican baptism? Bean dip.
I saw some girl texting and driving the other day and it really pissed me off... ...so i rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.
What sits at the bottom of the ocean and shakes? A nervous wreck!
"You are what you eat." ARE YOU CALLING ME A PUSSY?
The poetry contest There was a prestigious, international poetry contest held in a glamorous foreign city. Contestants had come from all over the world and by the end there was one man whom everyone thought was going to win and a camo-wearing, baccer-chewing redneck that everyone wondered what was doing there. In the final round of the competition, the contestants were given a word and had to come up with a poem in thirty seconds. During the very last round, the contestants stood at the podium and were given the word; Timbuktu. The shoo-in went first. He thought for thirty seconds, then stepped up to the microphone and said: "Across the desert, wind and sand, Trekked the lonely caravan. Men and camels, two by two, Destination; Timbuktu." The audience erupted with applause. When it died down, the redneck grinned and stepped to the microphone and without missing a beat he recited: "Tim and me a-huntin' went. Found three whores in a popped-up tent. Them was three and us was two, So I bucked one and Tim bucked two."
Two nuns are driving through Transylvania. Suddenly, Dracula jumps onto their windshield and they can't see anything. He starts hissing and scratching at the glass. The nun in the passenger seat says to the one driving "flick on your wipers and knock him off!" So the first nun does, but Dracula just slides back and forth with the blades, hissing like mad. The second nun says "say ten hail Mary's and he'll go away!" So the first nun frantically does so, but it doesn't work. Angrily, the second nun says "show him your cross!" And the first nun rolls down the window and yells "get the fuck off of my car!"
How can you tell your sister is on her period? Your dad's cock tastes like blood.
A Frenchman, Englishman, American and a Mexican are sitting in a sinking boat... They know that one of them must sacrifice themselves for the sake of the other three. The Frenchman stands and says "I will do the noble thing. Good bye messieurs, viva la France." He jumps out and drowns and yet the boat is still sinking. To save the other two, the Englishman goes next. "Cheers, gents. God save the Queen!" He jumps out and drowns. But the boat is still sinking. The American and Mexican are left staring at each other for quite some time as the boat continues to sink. Finally, the American stands up, grabs the Mexican and says "Remember the Alamo!" and throws him overboard.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.
What's the #1 cause of pedophilia? ...sexy kids NOTE: Don't let this note, my acct. name, and the fact that this is only my second post interrupt your comedic ~~enboyment~~ enjoyment
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion? Decaffeinated.
A family of three goes to the zoo. Mom, Dad, and their little daughter. They come to the elephant enclosure. And just as they approached, it so happened that elephant had a boner at that moment. Curious, little girl asked: "mommy, why does the elephant have 5 legs?" Mom awkwardly says: "well, I think it's better if you ask your dad." Dad: "well, sweetie, I guess it's time you learn about this. This is not a leg honey, it's elephant's weener" Mom immediately says: "honey, weener is what you dad has. What the elephant has is a cock."
And so Christmas Season Begins Three men died on Christmas Eve and were met by Saint Peter at the pearly gates. 'In honor of this holy season' Saint Peter said, 'You must each possess something that symbolizes Christmas to get into heaven.' The Englishman fumbled through his pockets and pulled out a lighter. He flicked it on. 'It's a candle', he said. 'You may pass through the pearly gates' Saint Peter said. The Scotsman reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of keys. He shook them and said, 'They're bells.' Saint Peter said 'You may pass through the pearly gates'. The Irishman started searching desperately through his pockets and finally pulled out a pair of women's panties. St. Peter looked at the man with a raised eyebrow and asked, 'And just what do those symbolize?' The paddy replied, 'These are Carols.'
Another 69 joke So I asked my gf if she wanted to 69. She rolled her eyes and said sure as long as we can 77 after cause I'll probably finish too fast and she'll still need to be ate more.
Finally his wife opened the box that were closed for 20 years , and guess what she found a man have been married for about 20 years and he has a closed box throughout all this years , his wife were so carious about what's inside this closed box , once the man went to his work and forgot that box key, his wife has found the chance to see inside that box , when she opened it she found 3 eggs and 2000$ , after her husband came back from work she asked him about the 3 eggs , and simply answered : " each time I cheating on you i put an egg inside the box " , She said ' So you cheated on me only 3 times in the whole 20 years , That's not problem, what about the 2000$ " He replied : " Whenever i get an eggs pack sell it "
What do you call a missing psychic midget? A small medium at large.
A police officer was directing traffic. A police officer was directing traffic. He saw a man walking along the sidewalk with a penguin following him. He says, "Sir, you have a penguin following you." "I know, he won't quit following me." replies the man. "You should take him to the zoo." The man nods and walks towards the zoo. A bit later the police officer sees the man with the penguin still behind him. "Excuse me sir, I thought you were taking the penguin to the zoo."     "I did" said the man, "Now we are going to the movies."
Why do dinosaurs use Christian dating sites? Because they can lie about their age!
An older friend just told me this Two homosexuals are walking past an unfamiliar neighborhood. They walk by one house and see a big rottweiler on its porch. Suddenly, it comes up and starts licking one of the guys' balls. The other says "Damn, I wish I could lick like that." The first guy then says "Go ahead, I don't think he'll bite."
Yo momma's pussay is like the white house: No bush, and there's a black guy in there now.
You know how dolphins rape a lot? They do it on porpoise.
"Dog Sitting" A dog lover, whose dog was a female and in heat, agreed to look after her neighbors male dog while the neighbors were on vacation. She had a large house and believed that she could keep the two dogs apart. However, as she was drifting off to sleep she heard awful howling and moaning sounds. She rushed downstairs and found the dogs locked together, in obvious pain and unable to disengage, as frequently happens when dogs mate. Unable to separate them and perplexed as to what to do next, she called the veterinarian. Although it was late, he answered in a very grumpy voice. After having explained the problem to him, the vet said "Hang up the phone and place it alongside the dogs. I will then call you back and the noise from the ringing will make the male dog lose his erection and he will be able to withdraw." "Do you think that will work?" she asked. "Well, it just worked for me." he replied.
Found this joke on yahoo, made me laugh pretty. Sorry if it's an old one. A guy marries this woman. Unfortunately, his dick is too small, so every time they have sex he uses a pickle instead. For seven years he does this. One night his wife suspects that something is wrong so while they are having sex she quickly throws the cover back &amp; turns on the lights. So the wife says, "What the hell is that, are you using a pickle on me. I am shocked &amp; for seven years you've been doing this, you piece of #$%$." So the man says, "Shut up! It's been seven whole years &amp; I never ONCE asked where the hell those kids came from!"
What do the Post Office and a shoe store have in common? Thousands of brown loafers
What do you call a magnet that can go both ways? Bi-Polar
A Scot finished making love with a woman, and heads to the bathroom. She sees him remove and wash off his condom. She says, "You Scots certainly are cheap bastards!" The guy responds, "Hey, I have to clean it. It belongs to the club!"
"Mommy, mommy..." One day a pregnant woman was walking home from work and decided to cut through an alley. A mugger was waiting and said "Give me all your money!" She complied, but then the mugger shot her three times in the stomach. At the hospital the doctors managed to save her and her three babies. Now fast forward 12 years. "Mommy Mommy, i just peed out a bullet!" said the first daughter. "Sit down, i will tell you the story..." replied the mother. the next day the same thing happened with the other daughter. "Alright sit down, i will tell you the story." said the mom. 3 days later the son comes running up to his mom. "Mommy mommy" said the boy. "Let me guess you peed out a bullet?" asked the mom. "No! I was jacking off and i shot the dog."
An Air Marshall with his drug-sniffing dog sit next to a guy on a plane. The passenger asks the dog handler, "What does your dog do if he finds anything?" to which the handler replies, "Here, I'll show you". The handler lets his dog go down the aisle, and when the dog returns, it puts its left front paw on the handler's lap. The handler says, "That means he found cocaine". The man is amazed and says "Show me again!", so the handler lets the dog sniff around some more. This time, the dog returns and puts his right front paw on the handler's lap. "This means he found marijuana", says the handler. "Let's see that else he can find". So, off the dog goes again, and this time, it jumps up on the handler's lap and takes a huge steaming shit right on him. "Oh my God", says the passenger, "What does it mean when he does that!?" The handler, shocked, turns to him and says, "He just found a bomb".
How many pornstars does it take to screw a light bulb? Nobody knows, they keep cutting themselves. PS: original joke
Father A father comes home for a long, stressful week at work. He sits in his recliner, kicks his feet up, and reads his evening paper. His 7 year old daughter enters the room to greet him. He looks up and absentmindedly asks, "Hi honey, how was your day?" "It was really fun! I played in the park after school with all my friends!" she says. "That's great honey," he says, reading through the sports section. "Yep! We played tag and we played Red Rover and-" "Wonderful honey, what else?" he says as he turns the page. "Well..." she pauses. "Well, after that, the man came". "That's great hon- Wait. What man?" the father asks. "W-w-well" she stutters. The father folds the newspaper over his hand and places it on his lap, giving his full attention to the child. "Listen. No matter what, I promise you won't get in trouble. But you have to tell me what happened". "Well," she starts, "When we were playing Red Rover, this man came over to us and told my friends they needed to leave." The father's eyes grow wide with a thousand thoughts racing through his mind. "It's okay, honey. What happened after that?" "After that ... he brought me behind the big tree in the park so no one else could see," The father begins to sweat. "What happened after that?" "After that, he took off my dress," she says. Beads of sweat are rolling down the father's forehead and his face flushes out. Trying to stay calm, he says, "What happened after that, sweetie?" "Well ... after that he unzipped his pants and took his privates out," The father can hardly keep himself together at this point. "What happened after that?" he asks. The daughter looks down at the floor, "Then he put his privates away and left". The father bursts up from his recliner, revealing a giant throbbing erection in his hand, "**JESUS FUCKING CHRIST! THEN MAKE SOMETHING UP!**"
Just a broken shovel After being away from his base for a while, the base commander returns and asks his deputy if anything important happened while he was away. "A handle on a shovel broke", said the deputy. The commander was slightly confused why he is being told such everyday things, but commented: "Well, that can be easily replaced. But why was anyone using that shovel? We didn't have any exercises planned." "Well, Sir, they were burying the guard dog." Now the commander wad alarmed: "Burying the guard dog? What happened to him?" "Well, Sir, he was run over by the fire truck." "Why the hell was the fire truck driving around?" "Well, Sir, they had to try to put out the fire in the ammunition storage, Sir." "THE AMMO STORE WAS ON FIRE? WHY THE HELL DIDN'T YOU TELL ME THAT RIGHT AWAY?" "Because then you would have shot yourself like the General, Sir."
A man and a friend are playing golf one day at their local golf course. One of the guys is about to chip onto the green when he sees a long funeral procession on the road next to the course. He stops in mid-swing, takes off his golf cap, closes his eyes, and bows down in prayer. His friend says: "Wow, that is the most thoughtful and touching thing I have ever seen. You truly are a kind man." The man then replies: "Yeah, well we were married 35 years."
A guy walks into a pharmacy and says to the pharmacist, "Listen, I have three girls coming over tonight. I've never had three girls at once, and I need something to keep me horny and potent." The pharmacist reaches under the counter, unlocks the bottom drawer, and takes out a small cardboard box marked with a label, "Viagra Extra Strength," and says, "here, if you take these you'll go wild for twelve hours!" The guy responds, "Great! Gimme three boxes!" The next day, the guy walks into the same pharmacy, approaches the pharmacist, and pulls down his pants. The pharmacist looks in horror at man's black and blue member. The man says, "I'm gonna need some Ben Gay cream." The pharmacist replies, "Ben Gay? You're not going to put Ben Gay on THAT are you?" "Nope, it's for my arms ... the girls didn't show up."
Why did the BMX date the motorcycle? He was feeling a bit bike-curious.
So a guy walks in a bar and sees a donkey in a cage He asks the bartender "whats that donkey over there doin in that cage?" Bartender goes "well if you put a dollar on this jar, and make this donkey laugh, you get all this here money in the jar, and free beer all day." So the guy puts in his dollar and hobbles over the ass in the cage, and he whispers something in the donkeys ear. The donkey busts out in laughter as the man takes the money and gets a free beer, the first of many that night. A week later, the man returns and sits at the bar. He sees the same donkey and jar, so he figures he can pull on a few bucks and get free beer all night. He puts his dollar in. "Aye ya fool, its 2 dollars now, and ye gotta make the donkey cry!" the man puts in another dollar, and walks over the the ass in the cage, and shows him something. The donkey is shocked, and sheds a single tear. The man takes the cash and gets a free beer, the first of many. The bartender asks out of curiosity as the man gets more and more off his ass from the booze "Howd ye come in here last week an make me ass laugh as hard as you did, and now make em shed a tear?" The man kills his beer and as he orders another he says "well last week i tole him i got a bigger dick than him. This week? I showed him."
What's the iPhone's favorite football team? The Chargers.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
Ever see the movie human centipede? That movie sucks ass.
Dad told me this one This guy went Christmas shopping for his daughter. She said she wanted a Barbie. Typical right? Well he went to the toy store and went looking for a couple Barbies. He grabbed the Malibu Barbie, Katniss Barbie and the holland Barbie. As he was leaving the isle he saw a divorce Barbie. It had a $299 price tag so he asked the lady why is this one so much more than the rest. And the lady replied, "we'll for starters it comes with kens cars, kens house and kens testicals on a keychain."
Helen Keller wouldnt know what a dick was if it hit her in the face.
If Spooning leads to Forking, what does Knifing lead to? Abortions.
Golf Outing Four fathers are on a golf outing. One of the fathers has to take a leak, so he wanders into the woods. The other three start talking about how their sons have been. The first dad says "Well, i'm really proud of my son, he's become a major success in the real estate business and just got a free house!" The second father chirps in, "Well my son is doing better than I could have imagined! He's gotten major promotions at his car dealership and got himself a free car!" The last father says "That's great and all, but my son is a wall-street mogul and he got a killer stock portfolio that has turned quite a profit for free!" The fourth father finally emerges from the woods. They all ask him how his son is doing. The fourth dad sighs. "Well there's good news and bad news about my son... The bad news is he just revealed that he is gay... The good news is that he just got a free house, car, and stock portfolio from his past three boyfriends."
What do you call a mexican baptism? Bean dip.
Have you heard about Henry the brown-nosed reindeer? He's just as fast as Rudolf, he just can't stop as quick
Why did the priest dislike geometry? It's sin-ful. [self made joke]
What did Ryu say to Ken? HOWAREYOUKEN?!
I heard this one at school today Jack and Amy both work for the same company. Their work is going fine until the economy falls and the company starts downsizing. The boss was given the option to fire one of them. He calls Amy into his office to break her the news. He says: "I'll either have to lay you or Jack off".
Found 4 fox cubs I called the ISPCA today and said, "I've just found a suitcase in the woods containing a fox and four cubs." "That's terrible," the woman on the phone replied. "Are they moving?" "I'm not sure, to be honest," I said, "But that would explain the suitcase."
How did Timmy dodge the oncoming car? He didn't
On their way to a conference... A group of soldiers are on their way to a conference, and must take the train. Due to the way the military works, they must each purchase their own tickets, and will then be reimbursed upon arrival. Traveling in one car are a group of brand new Officers, and a group of bitter, crusty Sergeants. They are all discussing the military, and how they will be reimbursed for the cost of their tickets. One of the Sergeants mentions that they do not need to actually provide the ticket stub to the military- the military assumes that if you showed up, you paid for your ticket. The Sergeant then goes on explaining to the junior Officers that between all six Sergeants, they only purchased one ticket. The Officers are all confused- won't the Sergeants all get kicked off? Suddenly, one of the Sergeants whispers- "Quick, the Conductor is coming!". All of the Sergeants quickly pile into one of the washrooms. The conductor enters their car, and collects all of the Officers tickets. When he sees the washroom is in use, he knocks softly on the door, asking "Tickets, please." One of the Sergeants slides the ticket under the door, and the Conductor carries on along his way. The Sergeants all emerge from the bathroom, grinning at the Junior Officers. "See, that is why you rely on us Sergeants. We are quick thinkers, innovative, and creative." A few days later, the conference is over, and all of the soldiers are heading home. The Officers and the Sergeants end up in the same car again. They are all sitting around talking when one of the Officers mentions that they are taking a page out out of the Sergeants books- they only have one ticket between the six of them. One of the Sergeants says to him "Well, you know Sir, that is last weeks method, We have come up with an even more effective method. We Sergeants don't have a single ticket between the six of us." The Officers are, of course, baffled. Suddenly, one of the Sergeants sticks his head in the room "Quick, the conductor is coming!". All of the Officers scramble to the washroom, but the Sergeants just sit there. Once all of the Officers are in the washroom, one of the Sergeants walks up the washroom door, knocks, and says "Tickets, please."
How can you get 20 jews into a VW Beetle? Easy - just use the ashtray
Yo momma's so fat, she uses the Large Hadron Collider as a hula hoop.
The difference between Jam and Marmalade [NSFW] Q: What is the difference between jam and marmalade? A: I can't marmalade my dick down your throat.
What did the salad say before being eaten Lettuce go.
What's the difference between Jesus and a prostitute? The looks on their faces while you're nailing them.
How many programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, it's a hardware problem!
A plane passes through a fierce storm... In a transatlantic flight, the turbulence is awful, and things go from bad to worse whenone wing is struck by lightning. One woman in particular loses it. Screaming, she stands up in front of the plane, "I'm too young to die!" she wails. Then she yells, "Well, if I am going to die, I want my last minutes on Earth to be memorable! I've had plenty of sex in my life, but no one has ever made me feel like a woman! I've had it! Is there ANYONE on the plane who can make me feel like a WOMAN?!" For a moment there is silence. Everyone has forgotten their own peril, and they all stare riveted at the desperate woman in front of the plane. Then, a man stands up in the rear of the plane. "I can make you feel like a woman," he says. He's gorgeous  tall, built with long, flowing balck hair and jet black eyes. He starts to walk slowly up the aisle, unbuttoning his shirt one button at a time. No one moves. The woman is breathing heavily in anticipation as the stranger approaches. He removes his shirt. Muscles ripple across his chest as he reaches her, and he extends the arm holding his shirt to the trembling woman and whispers: "Iron this."
An Idea on How to Make Front Page I just thought of a great way to be on Reddit's front page Step 1.) Get a girl pregnant. Step 2.) Buy the same shirt in each size they have. Step 3.) Photograph in different shirts according to how they fit during pregnancy. Step 4.) Make a gif and/or slideshow. Step 5.) Post on Reddit Step 6.) Find a way to use internet fame to pay child support.
FBI Job Opening The FBI had an opening for an assassin. After all the background checks,interviews and testing were done, there were 3 finalists; two men and a woman. For the final test, the FBI agents took one of the men to a large metal door and handed him a gun. 'We must know that you will follow your instructions no matter what the circumstances. Inside the room you will find your wife sitting in a chair . . . Kill her!!' The man said, 'You can't be serious. I could never shoot my wife.' The agent said, 'Then you're not the right man for this job. Take your wife and go home.' The second man was given the same instructions. He took the gun and went into the room All was quiet for about 5 minutes. The man came out with tears in his eyes, 'I tried, but I can't kill my wife.' The agent said, 'You don't have what it takes. Take your wife home.' Finally, it was the woman's turn. She was given the same instructions, to kill her husband. She took the gun and went into the room. Shots were heard, one after another. They heard screaming, crashing, banging on the walls. After a few minutes, all was quiet. The door opened slowly and there stood the woman, wiping the sweat from her brow. 'This gun is loaded with blanks' she said. 'I had to beat him to death with the chair.'
Billy has 32 candy bars. He eats 28. What does he have now? Diabetes. Billy has diabetes.
Two homeless men... were sitting under a bridge watching a dog lick its crotch. One of the men said, "I wish I could do that!" To which the other replied, "Oh no you don't! He took a bite outta my arm the last time I tried!"
I really think they should rename the "Twin" size mattress to "Jack", since it makes more sense along with the King and Queen sizes, and that's mostly what happens in that size bed anyway.
The Monk A man wanted to become a monk so he went to the monastery and talked to the head monk. The head monk said, "You must take a vow of silence and you can only say two words every 3 years." The man agrees and takes the vow of silence. Three years later the head monk comes to him and says, "It has been three years. What are your two words?" "Food cold", said the man. Another three years pass, the head monk approaches him again and asks him what his two words are. "Bed hard" And so another three years has passed and the head monk sees him again and asks the same question. "I quit" The head monk looks at him and says, "Well good, because you've done nothing but bitch since you got here."
Biochem professor told me this one today... Who is the all time leading scorer in hockey history? -(Answer) -No, no its not him. Its a Japanese guy, the name's Eshutsi. -Eshutsi? I've never heard of him.... -You haven't? How many times have you heard the announcer say "He shoots he scores!!!"
How do you kill a Grammar Nazi? mkae tehm brun tiehr eeys owt Eidt: sepleinlg croertcoin
What do you call a womans vagina after having a baby... "Baby Gap"
Did you see the Broadway musical about the dictionary? It's a play on words.
A pirate's walking down the beach.... ...when he comes across a little girl. The litter girl says, "Hey Pirate! Where's your buccaneers??" The pirate responds, "tucked inside my buck'n hat!!"
How did hitler tie his shoes? In little nazis
Third grade Why did the blonde have the biggest boobs in the third grade? She was 23.
On the airplane: I was on an airplane on my way from Johannesburg to Cape Town. Just when the aircraft was at the desired altitude, the pilot turned on the radio and said. "Ladies and Gentleman, this is your pilot speaking, we are current... OH FUCK!" There was silence for a few seconds then the pilot came back on the radio, "Sorry about that, I spilled some coffee on my lap, man you should see what a mess my pants are on the front side." Immediately all the passengers started yelling at him: "You should see what a mess our pants are at the back!"
Some of you might get this. Schrodinger's Cat walks into a bar.... .... And doesn't.
The key to a happy marriage... A couple who have been married for a few years decide to consult a marriage counsellor to try and resolve their problems. To begin, the marriage counsellor says the couple, "Tell me something you two have in common." The husband quickly replies, "Well, neither of us sucks dick."
A Holy Burial A wife and her husband go to Jerusalem on vacation. While they were there, the husband passed away.The undertaker told the wife, "You can have him shipped home for $5,000, or you can bury him here, in the Holy Land, for $150." The wife thought about it and told him she would just have him shipped home.The undertaker asked, "Why would you spend $5,000 to ship your husband home, when it would be wonderful to be buried here and you would spend only $150?" The wife replied, "Long ago a man died here, was buried here, and three days later he rose from the dead. I just can't take that chance."
Movie Ratings Explained G: Nobody gets the girl. PG: The good guy gets the girl. R: The bad guy gets the girl. X: Everybody gets the girl!
Two silkworms had a race It was a tie
How do you get a baby to stop choking? Take your dick out of its mouth.
Funniest joke in the world! Not kidding. According to a study from the University of Hertfordshire, this is the funniest joke in the world: Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services. He gasps, "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says "Calm down. I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There is a silence, then a gun shot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says "OK, now what?" (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World's_funniest_joke)
What type of shoes to pedophiles wear? White Vans.
Haha I made you click GOT YA
How does Moses make tea? Hebrews it.
Sexxist much? Q: how do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow? A: give her a shovel.
A farmer and a hunter A man is out hunting in the woods when he shoots a massive duck. The duck falls into a field owned by a local farmer. The farmer retrieves the duck but refuses to hand over the duck saying "Around here we have a little game to solve problems like this. Each person gets to kick the other is the crotch as hard as possible; the person who makes the least noise wins. Since the duck fell on my land I get to go first." The hunter eager to get his prize duck, accepts. The farmer proceeds to kick him with all of his might. The hunter collapses on the ground in agony but manages not to utter the tiniest whimper. After recovering he approaches the farmer and says "Now it's my turn, let's see if you can beat that!" To which the farmer replies "Nah it's okay you can have the duck."
I waited until we were alone in the church before approaching him. "Father?" I said, causing him to turn and look at me. "I'm sure you won't remember me Father, but 20 years ago I was one of the altar boys you brutally abused." I could see immediate panic and shame in his eyes as he struggled to find words, "I.. I don't know.." "Save it Father," I said unbuckling my trousers, "It's payback time." "Please.. No.." He pleaded. "On your knees Father," I commanded, "or I go to the authorities and you'll be ruined." As he slowly sunk to the floor in resignation, I felt a satisfied grin forming on my face. I'd never met the old bastard before, but I've found it's an almost sure fire way of getting a free blowjob.
A man works at a pickle bottling plant... Everyday after work the man comes home to his wife and talks about his urges to put his penis in the pickle slicer. His wife told him not to do it and suggested he see a therapist. The therapist concluded that in order for him to get over his obsession, he needed to put his penis in the pickle slicer. The next day the man comes home looking sad and his wife asks what was wrong. "I got fired," he said. "But why?" his wife asked. "I put my penis in the pickle slicer" The man's wife gasped and quickly pulled down her husbands pants and looked in confusion at his fully intact penis. "Okay... so what happened to the pickle slicer?" His wife asked. "Oh... She got fired to." TL;DR: man puts penis in pickle slicer and gets fired. Pickle slicer is actually a woman.
I remember this from a Monty Python "My dog has no nose!" Says one man. His friend asks "well how does he smell?" "Stinky!"
So a city boy moves to the country. Bob always hated his big city life, so one day he sold all his possessions and moved to the countryside. Proud of the new land he purchased he felt like exploring one day, so he got on his horse and follow the old barbed wire fence til he spotted a man "Hey there! how's it going? I'm Bob and I came here to get away from the city!" "izzat so?" the man replied "well in that case, I guess I should be invitin' ya to a neighborhood party happenin' at my place tonight. but I should warn ya city boy, out in the country we like to drink a lot at our parties" "well" bob said "in the city the bars are open all night, I think I can handle the drinking" "Ok, if you say so. out here in the country we also tend to fight when we drink" "oh, well the city is a violent place too, I think I can handle myself." "Alright don't say I didn't warn ya, there's one more thing though, our parties can get a little wilder, and though the church don't condone it, pre-marital sex tends to happen too." bob chuckling to himself at this point said " well I think I can handle that too. I'll be sure to swing by tonight. By the way, just so I fit in, is there any sort of dress code I should follow so I don't stand out? "oh you don't worry 'bout that, just show up in whatever feels comfortable. It's just gonna be the two of us tonight"
The funniest joke in the UK. Seriously. A woman gets on a bus with her baby. The bus driver says: "That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen. Ugh!" The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her: "The driver just insulted me!" The man says: "You go right up there and tell him off  go ahead, I'll hold your monkey for you." Proof that it really is the funniest joke in the UK- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World%27s_funniest_joke
Have you ever wondered whether it is your dog or your wife who is your real friend? Yes? Well if you have, just try this experiment... Put your dog and your wife in the boot of the car for an hour. When you open the trunk, which one is really happy to see you?
What do you call... What do you call four mexicans standing in quicksand? Cuatros Cincos
Helicopter crash A helicopter crashed today over a cemetery on the outskirts of the city. So far the authorities have recovered over 200 bodies.
Two prawns swimming in the ocean There's two prawns, one named Peter and one named Christian. One day they are swimming in the ocean minding their own business when they run into a big bad shark. The prawns immediately shit themselves and begin to flee. The shark then says "no wait wait!, I'm not here to eat you, I'm a kind shark!". Both Christian and Peter are doubtful and tell the shark they don't believe him. "I am, I am, I can even offer you a special wish!" says the shark. Christian immediately declines the offer and starts swimming away thinking he is going to be eaten. Peter however asks if he can be turned into a big bad shark using his wish. The shark says "yes", turning Peter into a big bad shark. Christian leaves them both fearing that he will be eaten. Months pass as Peter roams the oceans as a big bad shark. After time however he begins to miss his best prawn friend Christian but knows there is no chance of getting close to him and playing with him. He realises the only way to see Christian is if the shark transforms him back into a prawn. Peter finds the shark and explains his issue and the shark kindly accepts to re-transform him back to a prawn. Peter then swims straight to his best friend Christians house and knocks on the door. Knock knock... Christian: Who is it? Peter: It's me...Peter Christian: Fuckk offf go away! You're a shark, you're just here to eat me Peter: No I'm not! Christian: Yes you are!!!!!!! Peter: No, I'm a prawn again christian!
Jimmy Savile was a terrible ventriloquist. He stuck his hand up my arse and told me not to say anything.
Peanut Butter So I was balls deep in peanut butter, and I thought to myself, "Peanut Butter's a weird name for a dog, isn't it?"
What did the woman with dissociative identity disorder tell her psychologist? "Let me be Frank with you."
What does a man with a big d*ck eat for breakfast? Yeah, I didn't think you'd know...
I stole a Tom Cruise movie from the store the other day... It was Risky Business.
Found this joke on the Internet and/or heard it from a friend/professor Wasn't that funny.
I went on one of those once in a lifetime holidays last week... I won't be doing that again. joke by Tim Vine
Why don't girls have beards? It's in their "jeans" ;)
Why is a pizza delivery guy like a gynecologist? They're allowed to smell it, but they get in trouble if they eat it. Teehee
A city boy visits his friend in the country. The country boy takes his friend out on his farm and says "I'm going to show you what we do for fun around here." So he takes one of his goats, sticks its head in the fence and starts having his way with it. After he finishes he says to the city boy "Your turn." So the city boy walks over to the goat and sticks his head into the fence next to it.
Why was the cell phone wearing glasses? He had lost his contacts!
2 cats are racing across the English Channel, an English cat named "123" and a French cat named "Un deux trois." Which cat won the race? A: The English cat. Un deux trois cat sank.
Where did the King keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What does a bully say to someone with severe depression? Stop hating yourself, stop hating yourself!
What was it called when the dragon from The Hobbit was thrown out a window? The Defenestration of Smaug.
Female Santa I realized that just about every holiday line is a joke when Santa is female.... "He went deep in her chimney." "Santa Clause is Coming..." "He gave her warm milk to drink." "He stuffed her stocking." "He unwrapped her present." "She gift wrapped him." "He decked her halls." "...with his jingle balls." "And made his Rudolph hit her walls!" "Filled her up with Christmas spirit." "Not in the past, but in the present." "They tried to make a 'Santa Baby.'" "She had a white Christmas." "He put his plug in her socket to turn on her Christmas lights." "He gave her the biggest present of all." "And they say his "heart" grew 3 sizes bigger that day." "He made her jingle all the way." "I'd nibble on her cookie." "He lit on the star on her Christmas tree."
What did Chris Brown say to Rihanna the first time he saw her? I'd hit it
I need some advice on what could be a life changing decision. I've suspected for some time now that my Mrs has been having an affair. The usual signs. Phone rings, I answer, someone hangs up. She started going out 'with the girls' a lot recently although when I ask which girls it is always "Just some friends from work, you don't know them". I always look out for her taxi coming home but she always walks down the drive although I can hear a car setting off. As if she has got out of the car round the corner. Why? Is it not a taxi? I once picked her mobile up just to see what time it was and she went beserk and screamed that I should never touch her phone again and why was I checking up on her. Anyway, I have never approached the subject with my Mrs. I think deep down I just didn't want to know the truth but last night she went out again and I decided to check on her. I decided I was going to hide behind my car which would give me a view of the whole street so I could see which car she gets out of. It was whilst crouched behind my car that I noticed rust around my rear wheel arch. Should I take it into a body repair shop or should I buy some stuff from Halfords and try to repair it myself? Cheers
What is my favorite rhetorical question?
Remember the guy who lost his left side? He's *alright* now
What's the difference between a woman and a video game? I don't get an erection when I beat a video game.
When he died, Beethoven left something on his piano bench It was the same thing he left in his toilet: his last movement
I told a Chinese guy that they always smell like Chinese food. He said "aw that's lo, mein."
What did batman say to robin? Q. What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? A. "Get in the car, Robin" Source http://badkidsjokes.tumblr.com/
What is the meanest practical joke one can pull on a blind person? Leaving a plunger in the toilet.
What did the tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they were both stuckup cunts
Three pregnant women are sitting in a doctors. Three pregnant women are sitting in a doctors waiting room knitting. Mom 1 checks her watch and takes a pill "Vitamin C, good for mom, good for baby." Mom 2 takes a pill and says, "Vitamin A, good for mom, good for baby." Mom 3 takes a pill and says, "Thalidomide...I can't knit sleeves."
A woman walks in to a bar and asks for a Double Entendre... ...So the bartender gave her one.
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public? A private tutor (tooter) Heard it from a guy on the street selling newspapers in front of the art institute in chicago.
Whats faster than a speeding bullet? A Jew with a coupon
What did the momma hawk say to her chicks? Quit falcon around or get the flock outta here!
So a novice monk is copying texts... So a novice monk is copying texts in a monastery. As he diligently works, get get's to thinking, "Hmm, if I just copy my master's work, and he just copied his master's work, and his master just copied them from his master, and so on, then what if there was a mistake? Wouldn't the mistake just be propagated with each new apprentice?" Finally, this thought gets to be too much, so he goes to the Abbot of the monastery. After tell the Abbot what he thinks, the Abbot says, "Wow, that's quite a weight on your mind. Let me go check the archives so I can prove that there is no mistake." The monk doesn't see the abbot again for several hours, but when he does, the Abbot rushes up and shouts, "Ahhh! We've made a horrible mistake!" "What is it?!" replied the monk. "There is a word changed," said the Abbot, "it's supposed to say 'celebrate!'"
How do you stop a baby from walking in circles? Pin its other hand to the ground.
Be nice to bacteria... they're the only culture some people have.
Double standars If a woman has sex with lots of men, people call her a slut. If a man does the same, they call him an homosexual.
Why do breasts have nipples? Because without them they would be pointless.
What does a doctor say to the new father of a stillborn child? Close, but no cigar.
Two guys were hiking in the woods.... one of the guys stopped to take a piss behind a bush. The guy taking a piss starts yelling and his friend comes running over to see what happened. The guy says a snake bit me on the head of my dick. The friend scared tells the guy to stay there and he is going to run back to town and find a doctor. So the friend runs back to town 5 miles away and finds a doctor. He tells the doctor "my friend got bitten by a snake what should I do?" The doctor tells the friend you have to cut between the teeth holes and suck the poison out. So, the friend runs back to the guy still laying down in a lot of pain and he ask his friend "did you find a doctor?" The friend said "yea I found one and he said you are going to die."
A circus is looking for a new lion tamer... Two people audition for the job, a man and a beautiful woman. The circus owner cautions them, "This is a very dangerous job, and my last tamer got eaten." Neither are fazed by his warnings, and the owner lets the two try taming the lion. The woman goes first, and steps into the cage. The lion takes a look at her and starts growling. Just as the lion is about to run at her, the woman pulls off her coat, revealing her naked body. The lion suddenly stops and begins caressing her body. The circus owner is impressed and turns to the man, saying, "Can you top that?" He responds, "Sure, but get that damn lion out of the way."
So the army is forced to cut the pensions of some of their veterans... In order to repay the veterans for their service they bring in three veterans. They tell the three that they will be reimbursed in money, in that each one can choose two points of their body, and the distance between the two will be how much money they receive. Anyway, the first man goes and says, "I'll have my outstretched wingspan measured." His wingspan is 160cm, so he is given $160. The second man chooses the top of his head and his feet. His height is 175cm, so he is given $175. The third man steps up and says, "I'll have the distance from my right palm to my right index finger." The military people first are confused, but then the man taking the measurements looks at his hand. "Where's your right index finger, soldier?" The veteran smiles and says, "Back where I lost it, in Vietnam."
The most artistic boxer Just watched some Evander Holyfield highlight videos. Such artistry! He's like the Vincent Van Gogh of the boxing world.
a joke about pizza On second thoughts it's a bit too cheesy...
TIL Lebanese people are from the fugawi tribe. When they walked out of the airport they said we're the fugawi.
Physics joke A man is interested in placing a bet on a horse race; only he's a smart, educated guy and doesn't want to blow his money on the wrong horse. He decides to consult a vet, a statistician an a physicist. He goes to the vet. The vet examines the horses for a few minutes, then points to a horse and says: "this is the healthiest, strongest, horse. He'll probably win". He then goes to the statistician. The statistician takes a couple of hours to analyze all the previous races of all contending horses. He takes into account the horse's nutrition, the weather, the day of the week, the number of spectators and many other factors. In the end, he points to a horse and says that, based on past performance, it has the highest probability of winning the race. Finally, the man goes to a physicist. The physicist thinks for a few minutes and tells him he needs a few days to think it over. A day passes, then two days, then three. It's finally a day before the race and the bets have to be placed. But still there's no word from the physicist. The man decides he has to get an answer so he angrily calls the physicist himself. His reply? "listen, the problem you've given me was harder than I anticipated. By now, I only managed to solve it for a spherical horse in vacuum".
Why do jews have such big noses. Because air is free.
My dad has a piece of paper where he keeps a list of all his mistakes. He calls it my birth certificate.
My wife gave me a leaflet about anger management last week... I lost it.
My buddy tells me he had sex with his GF and her twin the other night. I asked him how he told them apart. He says, "well her brother has a mustache"
Why did the bishop love Walmart? 'Coz the boys pants are all half off.
How do you say doormat in Spanish? Matador
An elderly man in Louisiana had owned a large farm for several years. He had a large pond in the back. It was properly shaped for swimming, so he fixed it up nice with picnic tables, horseshoe courts, and some apple and peach trees. One evening the old farmer decided to go down to the pond, as he hadn't been there for a while, and look it over. He grabbed a five-gallon bucket to bring back some fruit. As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny-dipping in his pond. He made the women aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end. One of the women shouted to him, 'we're not coming out until you leave!' The old man frowned, 'I didn't come down here to watch you ladies swim naked or make you get out of the pond naked.' Holding the bucket up he said, 'I'm here to feed the alligator...'
The dog is dead. My dog wanted to go out and do his business, but I didn't have time to walk him. So I let him out to run around on his own. A few minutes later I heard screeching tires and a thud. I ran to the window and yelled "NO!". A thousand times I had told that dog not to drive my car. I'm going to kill him. Edit-spelling.
"This is your first time!" A couple completed 25 years without EVER fighting. A friend asked the husband - how did you make it possible? Husband replied: So we were in the Maldives for our honeymoon. While trail riding on horses, my wife's horse jumped &amp; my she fell on the ground. She got up, fluffed her clothes, patted the horse, and said affectionately "This is your first time." After a while, it happened again - the horse jumped, and my wife fell off again. She got up, patted the horse, and said "This is your second time." When it happened again for a third time, she took out a gun and shot the horse dead. I shouted at her screaming "WTF!! Why did you do that? Why did you have to shoot the horse!?" She patted me affectionately and said "This is your first time!"
A man and a boy went into the woods at night... ... the boy says to the man, "it's scary out here." The man then replied, "You think you're scared, I gotta walk out of here alone!"
Why do terds taper at the end? So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at 'Sporting Goods?' Because he likes Dick's better.
How do you fix a broken Tuba? Tuba glue.
I've always wanted to be a comedian... But I have a tremendous fear of being laughed at.
did you hear about the cannibal in school? it was a struggle, but eventually he passed the class.
How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg? Pick him up and suck his dick.
Not the best joke, but i did make it up myself. Q: Why can you not hook two CD-ROM drives together to create a CD Writer? A: Because two ROMs don't make a Write.
Why didn't anyone believe the transsexual's confession? It was a case of 'he said, she said'
You know what they say: Finding the right analogy is has hard as hmm...
If April showers bring May flowers, what does May bring? The pilgrims.
Guy goes to the doctor because he always feels terrible The doctor says, "I have some good news and some bad news." The guy asks for the bad news first. The doctor tells him he has advanced liver cancer, and about 6 months to live. The guy asks the doctor, "What's the good news?". The doctor points to a very attractive young lady in her mid 20's, wearing nurse's clothing. The doctor says, "See that nursing student? I'm fucking her."
A young lady, pregnant for the first time, visits her doctor for a check-up After the exam, she says to the doctor, "My husband wants me to ask you..." The doctor cuts her off and says, "I know, I know - it's normal. You can have sex until your third trimester." The lady says, "No, that's not it. He wants to know how much longer can I can keep mowing the lawn."
How much does a hipster weigh? .. An instagram
Quack Quack Who's there? A duck.
One snowman says to the other snowman, "do you smell carrots?"
A guy starts working in a submarine... He will be working underwater for 6 months. The captain takes him to visit the ship. He shows him the meeting rooms, the kitchen, the bedrooms, and everything else.. untill a locked door. The captain explains to his new worker that there are only men in this submarine and he will be there for 6 months so this is the faproom. They enter it and there are porn images on the wall just above a barrel with dick-sized holes in it. The captain explains that he can "come" here everyday from 9 am to 8 pm except on Wednesday. The guy is happy with that but asks why not on Wednesday? The captain looks at him, smiling, and say: because it's your day in the barrel.
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? YOU WEREN'T THERE MAAAAN!!!
How do you know you're not logged into reddit? There are /r/atheism posts on the frontpage
Farming advice A farmer notices that her neighbor produces a lot of big tomatoes every year, so she asks him what his secret was. He says that he walks naked every morning as the sun raises. The next harvest he checks up on his neighbor, and asked if she had good tomatoes this year. She says, I walked around the garden naked every morning as you said but not that many tomatoes, but the cucumbers surely got big this year.
Why was Mohamed Ali born a fighter? In the womb, he used to fight bald clowns. (Self made joke)
How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag? Take the "f" out of the word "way". (get it yet...?)
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves? Christopher Walken
Where do people from Laos like to swim? In Laotian.
I was trying to catch some fog earlier... I mist.
What do you call an aligator in a vest? investigator
Why don't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is
What's the difference between Ice Age 4 and Batman The Dark Knight? The kids walked out of Ice Age 4... Alive
I wish I was a Farmer So I could be outstanding in my field.
What's yellow and flys through walls? A magic banana...
Did you hear about the baby born with no eyelids? They used his foreskin for an eyelid skin graft. . . . . . ***Now the poor guy is cock-eyed***
Whats yellow and lives off dead beatles? Yoko Ono
I was Jesus last time! A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin 5, and Ryan 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake. Their mother saw the opportunity for a moral lesson.. If Jesus were sitting here, He would say, Let my brother have the first pancake, I can wait.' Kevin turned to his younger brother and said,  Ryan , you be Jesus !'
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and an agnostic? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
Q. What did the banana say to the vibrator? A. Why are you shaking? She's going to eat me!
why are black people fast? all the slow ones are in jail
The stakes A man walks into a meat shop and asks if he can have a nice cut of prime steak. The butcher goes to the back of the shop but comes back empty handed. The man asks why he didn't bring back any meat, and the butcher replies "the meat was on the top shelf and I couldn't reach it... The stakes were just too high.
The Ugly Baby A woman gets onto a bus with her baby. The bus driver says, "That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen. Ugh!" The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her, "The driver just insulted me!" The man says, "There's no call for that. You go right up there and tell him off. Go ahead, I'll hold your monkey for you."
The things i say are like circles... They dont have a point.
3 mothers-to-be in antenatal class... The first one says; "I think I'm having a boy because my husband was on top when we conceived" The woman next to her replies "I think I'm having a daughter because I was on top" The woman at the end starts panicking and says "I think I'm having a puppy"
Why couldn't the skeleton add 1 + 1? Because he doesn't have a brain
How long does it take to for Mexicans to do a job? Oh, wait... they're done.
The new priest A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak. After mass he asked the Bishop how he had done. The Bishop replied, "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit, I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass. If I start to get nervous, I take a sip." So next Sunday the priest took the Bishop's advice. At the beginning of the sermon, he got nervous and took a drink. He then proceeded to talk up a storm. Upon his return to his office after mass, he found the following note on his door: 1. Sip the vodka, don't gulp. 2. There are 10 commandments, not 12. 3. There are 12 disciples, not 10. 4. Jesus was consecrated, not constipated. 5. Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass. 6. We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J. C. 7. The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not referred to as Daddy, Junior, and the Spook. 8. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him. 9. When David was hit by a rock and was knocked off his donkey, don't say he was stoned off his ass. 10. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T." 11. When Jesus broke the bread at the last supper he said, "Take this and eat it for it is my body." He did not say, "Eat me." 12. The Virgin Mary is not called "Mary with the Cherry." 13. The recommended grace before a meal is not: "Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, yeah God." 14. Next Sunday there will be a taffy-pulling contest at St. Peter's, not a peter pulling contest at St. Taffy's.
I wanted to volunteer and do something good this holiday season... So I helped these dyslexic kids write letters to Satan.
...and that's how the fight started One year, I decided to buy my mother-in-law a cemetery plot as a Christmas gift... The next year, I didn't buy her a gift. When she asked me why, I replied, "Well, you still haven't used the gift I bought you last year!" And that's how the fight started..... ________________________________ My wife and I were watching Who Wants To Be A Millionaire while we were in bed. I turned to her and said, 'Do you want to have Sex?' 'No,' she answered. I then said, 'Is that your final answer?' She didn't even look at me this time, simply saying, 'Yes..' So I said, "Then I'd like to phone a friend." And that's when the fight started... ________________________________ My wife and I were sitting at a table at her school reunion, and she kept staring at a drunken man swigging his drink as he sat alone at a nearby table. I asked her, "Do you know him?" "Yes", she sighed, "He's my old boyfriend. I understand he took to drinking right after we split up those many years ago, and I hear he hasn't been sober since." "My God!" I said, "Who would think a person could go on celebrating that long?" And then the fight started... ________________________________ When our lawn mower broke and wouldn't run, my wife kept hinting to me that I should get it fixed. But, somehow I always had something else to take care of first, the shed, the boat, making beer... Always something more important to me. Finally she thought of a clever way to make her point. When I arrived home one day, I found her seated in the tall grass, busily snipping away with a tiny pair of sewing scissors. I watched silently for a short time and then went into the house. I was gone only a minute, and when I came out again I handed her a toothbrush. I said, "When you finish cutting the grass, you might as well sweep the driveway." The doctors say I will walk again, but I will always have a limp. ______________________________ My wife sat down next to me as I was flipping channels. She asked, "What's on TV?" I said, "Dust." And then the fight started... ________________________________ Saturday morning I got up early, quietly dressed, made my lunch, and slipped quietly into the garage. I hooked up the boat up to the van and proceeded to back out into a torrential downpour. The wind was blowing 50mph, so I pulled back into the garage, turned on the radio, and discovered that the weather would be bad all day. I went back into the house, quietly undressed, and slipped back into bed. I cuddled up to my wife's back; now with a different anticipation, and whispered, "The weather out there is terrible." My loving wife of 5 years replied, "And, can you believe my stupid husband is out fishing in that?" And that's how the fight started.... _______________________________ My wife was hinting about what she wanted for our upcoming anniversary. She said, "I want something shiny that goes from 0 to 180 in about 3 seconds. I bought her a bathroom scale. And then the fight started...... ______________________________ After retiring, I went to the Social Security office to apply for Social Security. The woman behind the counter asked me for my driver's Licence to verify my age. I looked in my pockets and realized I had left my wallet at home. I told the woman that I was very sorry, but I would have to go home and come back later. The woman said, 'Unbutton your shirt'. So I opened my shirt revealing my curly silver hair. She said, 'That silver hair on your chest is proof enough for me' and she processed my Social Security application. When I got home, I excitedly told my wife about my experience at the Social Security office. She said, 'You should have dropped your pants. You might have gotten disability too.' And then the fight started... ________________________________ My wife was standing nude, looking in the bedroom mirror. She was not happy with what she saw and said to me, "I feel horrible; I look old, fat and ugly. I really need you to pay me a compliment.' I replied, "Your eyesight's darn near perfect." And then the fight started... ________________________________ I rear-ended a car this morning...the start of a REALLY bad day! The driver got out of the other car, and he was a DWARF!! He looked up at me and said 'I am NOT Happy!' So I said, 'Well, which one ARE you then?' That's how the fight started.
A group of tourists are backpacking around Scotland... They stop in a small town to rest for the day and find the local pub. They are all students of history so they ask the bartender about the history of the town. "Oh, ye'll be wantin' teh speak teh Ol' Angus in the corner," the barkeep says. "He practically built the whole village himself!" The barkeeps points them towards a grizzled old man in the corner, nursing a large beer. The travelers sit down at his table and ask Ol' Angus if he would tell them about himself and the town. Angus takes a slow drink of his beer and grumbles: "Yeh see that bridge on yer way inta' the village? I built it meself. Brick by brick." He takes another gulp and says "But do they call me 'Angus the Bridge Builder'? Nay." He takes another long gulp of his drink and speaks again: "Did yeh see that pier down the lane? I built it meself. Board by board, nail by nail. but do they call me 'Angus the Pier Builder'?" He paused and took another gulp of ale. "Nay." "Yeh see that church across the way? or the schoolhouse up the road? I built 'em meself. Board by board, nail by nail, brick by brick. But do they call me 'Angus the Church Builder?' or 'Angus the School Builder'?! NAY!" he roared. He then drained the rest of his ale in one gulp and slammed the mug down on the table. "But yeh fuck one goat..."
A tribute to the holiday season Up until a few years ago, I would frequent a local chess club for shits and giggles. I wasn't very good at chess, but most of the people there were very into the game, knew all of the big names, went to a lot of big events, and some of them even got prize money from time to time. Shortly before I stopped going, the building we met in underwent a remodel, so we had to temporarily relocate to the lobby of a nearby hotel. All the pros in the group, who were never ordinarily able to tell anyone about their exploits, seized on the opportunity to sidetrack any hapless vacationer they could find and engage in dick-measuring competitions about how good they were at chess. This went on for several weeks, and it was evident that the hotel manager was getting annoyed. Finally the remodel was nearly done, and I stopped by to talk to the manager and thank him for letting us use his lobby. "Glad to help," he said, "but I sure am ready for you guys to be out of here." "Why's that?" I said. "People have been moving to other hotels because the atmosphere is so annoying," he said. "Every time they come to the room, it's 'Well, this one time, I stalemated Bobby Fischer,' 'Oh yeah? Well I get $50,000 a year, I don't see you making that kind of money off of stalemates,' and on and on and on. I had a customer post on Yelp just last week that you guys caused him to miss his flight." "Oh," I said. "I'm sorry to hear that. That must have been annoying." "Annoying?" he almost shouted. "Do you know how bad for business it is to have chess nuts boasting in an open foyer?!"
How much do pirates pay for earrings? Somewhere around a buck an ear.
What gets harder as you beat it? A penis.
What do all dogs get with their phones? Collar ID
An old joke a good friend of mine told me. There was a traveller going for a drive through some deep dark woods. At around 3 AM, he found an inn to stay at for the night. He went up to the front counter and asked the manager if he has a room available. "Yes, we have one more room up for rent. It's 10 bucks a night, you interested?" He takes it, and as he walks down the hall towards the room, the manager calls for him to come back for a moment. He returns and the manager tells him the following: "I want you to promise me you won't go into the closet. No matter what you do, stay out of it." He complies with his wishes and goes back to his room. As he gets ready for bed, he decides he'll just take a peek inside. He opens the door and peers inside. All he sees is the beginning of a staircase that goes on seemingly forever. "I could go down there and that guy will never find out... let's see whats down there." He descends the stairs for what feels like 5 minutes before he reaches a door. He opens the door, and he finds a huge field, full of birds, flowers, rolling hills and trees... and a small metal shack about 300 yards away. He walks to the shack, and the walls were made of reinforced steel, and in order to open the door he had to solve a puzzle. He solved it and the two 6-inch thick doors slid open. Inside of a brightly lit room, there was a cage with a huge purple gorilla sleeping inside. There is a sign saying "DO NOT TOUCH". "Ok, this is weird. I'm going to sleep." He goes back to his room and tries to sleep. After a few hours of tossing and turning, he decides he has to go see what happens if he pokes the gorilla. He gets back to the shack and walksinside, except this time the gorilla is awake, and he looks fucking angry. The animal stares at the traveller with cold eyes and flared nostrils. He slowly walks up to the monster and gently strokes his fur. The animal completely freaks the fuck out, slamming around in his cage. "OH SHIT I GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE!" The guy locks the door behind him as he runs through the field and gets to the stairwell. He turns and glimpses the gorilla tearing ass through the field, the shack totally destroyed behind him. FUCK. He runs up the stairs trying to escape, and the animal can be heard from the darkness. He manages to escape the inn and get into his car and speed away. After a few minutes of going well over 100mph, the animal is nowhere in sight, until... in the rearview mirror, he sees a purple ball in the road. It's getting closer. He's pushing 145, and the monster is right on his ass. The thing jumps and grabs the back of the car, bringing it to a hault. The car is now totaled, and the guy is trapped inside. The gorilla walks up to the driver side window and stares at the guy angrily. He rolls the window down and feebly asks, "What... what do you... want?" The gorilla pokes him and says "You're it." Edit: I accidentally grammar'd
An old cowboy rides into town.. He ties his horse to the post and walks into the local bar to have a drink. Once his drink is done he walks outside to see his horse is gone. The cowboy immediately walks back into the bar, pulls out his gun and shoots it in the air. He says loudly "I'm going to sit down and have another drink and my horse better be outside by the time I'm done, or else I will have to do what I did back in Texas. And I dont want to do what I did back in Texas". Once he is done with the drink he walks outside to see his horse has been returned. As he is saddling up, the bartender walks out and asks "So what did you do in Texas?" The cowboy stops and slowly turns to him, "I had to walk home".
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister... Are skinny dipping in the forest one day. Joking and talking philosophy and such. Suddenly they hear a large group of locals walking down the path toward them. To their dismay, they realized that they left their clothes hanging on branches on the other side of the path and would have to run past everyone to get them. The minister gets out of the water, covers his junk and runs as fast as he can past the oncoming people to get his clothes. The priest, in turn, gets out of the water, covers his junk and runs as fast as he can past the people to his clothes. Finally the rabbi gets out of the water, covers his face and runs as fast as they can to his clothes. As they dress the priest turns to the rabbi and asks, "Why did you cover your face and not your genitals?" "Well I don't know about you guys, but in my congregation they know me by my face."
Did you hear about new product out from Tampax? The iPad.
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player? Because love means nothing to them!
What was the weather like at the rap concert? There was a Lil Wayne.
I like my women the way I like my coffee Ground up and in the freezer.
'Ho Ho Ho' said Santa! as he watched 16 and pregnant!
A man and a woman are at a fertility clinic... They had been trying to conceive unsuccessfully for several months. As the results were coming in the husband was consoling his crying wife and told her, "If this turns out to be a problem with you I promise me you wont be mad at yourself, because I wont." The wife says " I promise, and if this turns out to be a problem with you I wont be mad either. I want you to promise you won't be mad with yourself." To which he says " Oh I am going to be pissed, I've been wearing a condom my whole life!"
Written on a desk at my school. Two hunters were walking in the woods. It was starting to get dark, so they decided to head back to camp. The first hunter said to the second hunter, "Go on ahead, I have to take a dump". So the second hunter heads back to camp, and on his way back he shoots a huge deer, and he runs back up the trail to find the first hunter squatting behind a stump, snoring loudly. The second hunter sneaks back to his kill and removes all its organs, carries them up the trail, and piles them up under the first hunter's bare ass. He heads back to camp, laughing at his prank. A few hours later, the first hunter comes sprinting back into camp, and says "You'll never guess what happened! I fell asleep taking a crap, and when I woke up all my organs had fallen out of my ass, but by the grace of God and this big stick I got them all back up inside!"
What do you call a black guy who flies a plain? A pilot, you fucking racist.
One day an at home wife is alone and the doorbell rings... She opens it to a guy, "Hi, is Tony home?" The wife replies, "No, he went to the store, but you can wait here if you want." So they sit down and after a while of silence the friend says "You know Sara, you have the greatest breasts I have ever seen. I'd give you a hundred buck just to see one." Sara thinks about it for a second and figures, what the hell - a hundred bucks! She opens her robe and shows one to him for a few seconds. He promptly thanks her and throws a hundred bucks on the table. They sit there a while longer and guy then says "That was so amazing I've got to see both of them. I'll give you another 100 dollars if I could just see the both of them together." Sara amazed by the offer sits and thinks a bit about it and thinks, heck, why not? So she opens her robe and gives Chris a nice long chance to cop a look. A while later Tony arrives back home from the store. The wife goes up to him, "You know, your friend Chris came over." Tony thinks about it for a second and says, "Well did he drop off the 200 bucks he owes me?"
Do people with a foot fetish get off when their car gets towed?
Joke from my jazz history class: You are stuck on an island with Hitler, Stalin, and Kenny G. You have a gun, but you only have two bullets. What do you do? You shoot Kenny G. Twice.
Improvised (offensive) A man walks into a talent agency and says to the agent: "Boy, have I got an act for you. It's great it involves the whole family and everyone's going to love it!" The talent agent says: "Sorry but we don't do family acts, they're hackneyed and too cutesy." The man replies: "Just give me a few minutes of your time sir, I PROMISE you're gonna LOVE this act!" The agent gives in and agrees to hear the act. The man begins: "Okay, the whole act starts off real nice and quiet. It's dark on stage and you hear a light and subtle classic piano melody in the background, very calming and soothing. The curtains go up and a spotlight hits the stage to reveal two little girls and their mother in light blue lace gowns sitting at a fancy table drinking tea out of old style china cups. From off stage in walks the father bearing a tea tray with assorted sweets, cookies, and in the center of this tray is what appears to be a large silver dome (You know, the fancy kind that covers food plates in 5 star restaurants). He quietly sets the tray down in the center of the table and evenly distributes the sweets and cookies among his two daughters and his lovely wife. He kisses his wife on the cheek and gives her a warm loving smile. he then kisses each of his daughters on the forehead and whispers: "I love you" sweetly to each of the little girls and they respond in turn with their little voices: "We love you too, Daddy". The father drinks in this serene, peaceful and beautiful scene for a moment before he turns to the tray that he carried in previously. Gently and delicately he removes the silver dome, and underneath is a large lump wrapped in what appears to be purple satin cloth. He lifts the lump up and in one swift motion removes the purple satin cloth to reveal a massive steel mallet which in one fluid motion he swings directly into his wife's face full force, knocking all her fucking teeth out and driving her (chair and all) halfway across the stage head over heels. He then leaps across the stage and starts viciously beating her with this mallet, and I mean fucking BEATING this woman breaking both her kneecaps in the process and causing blood to spray everywhere. She tries desperately to crawl away but the combination of blood and bone fragments makes for a lack of applicable traction. The man yanks down his pants and soaks his cock in the blood in order to make an effective lubricant, and then proceeds to fuck his wife six ways from Sunday in every position imaginable, and just when you think it can't get any more intense he flips up the mallet and fists his wife right up the ass with it causing her to have instant incontinence and therefore spray an explosive nuclear Hiroshima of shit all over the stage (hitting the front row in the process) At this point the two daughters watching in shock and horror at the sight of Mommy and Daddy violently fucking in a pile of blood, bones, mallets, and shit start to back away, and they're nearing the edge of the stage and are almost scott-free it seems when 6 robed and hooded priests on horses descend from the rafters wielding giant broadswords with 6 foot rubber dildos stuck on the end of them. Here's where you might wanna censor it for TV The priests grab the two girls and rip their dresses off revealing their prepubescent nude little bodies devoid of hair or any adult features whatsoever. They look up at the priests with their innocent and terrified little eyes as the priests proceed to take turns ramming the sword dildo's down their innocent little throats instantly activating the gag reflex and the little girls proceed to violently vomit, but not before the priests expertly grab both girls by the feet and spin them in opposite directions faster and faster, creating a kind of spinning merry-go-round vomit fountain kind of effect. As this happens, two naked little boys roll a small brick wall onto the stage and just as the girls stop vomiting the priests let go of them with expert timing and aim and their momentum of being spun sends both flying face-first in the brick wall with a sick SMACK! Both of their heads are caved in and they're instantly killed. Not wanting to miss out on the new fuck holes, both the two little boys jump in and start skull-fucking the remains. Daddy jumps in and starts taking turns fucking both of these boys in the ass, while one of the horses shoves it's 3 foot cock up daddies ass, and another horse fucks THAT horse and so on until all 6 horses are fucking each other and daddy, and the little boys, and the cracked skulls and brains of the little girls forming a sort of Russian egg from smallest to biggest, a Fuck Train if you will. The priests then disrobe, shove the sword dildo's up their asses and proceed to pour kerosene all over their flaccid dicks and light them on fire to the tune of "Heaven Is A Place On Earth" by Belinda Carlisle and then helicopter their flaming dicks in hypnotic circles. The horses all cum and the sperm from last horse to first builds up pressure along the pipeline in each horses anus until by the time it reaches daddy the pure amount of cum and pressure combined causes his head to instantly explode with a terrific fucking BANG! And he falls over dead on top of the two little boys in a heap, his massive cock impaling both boys assholes and causing one boy to shit himself, but the dead dads cock forms a plug on his tight little ass making the shit run in the only other direction it can go: his mouth. The boy proceeds to projectile vomit shit everywhere and the noise scares the horses causing all six of them to piss on the stage creating a torrent of piss, shit, vomit, cum, blood, tears, sweat, and general shame. The torrent is so deep that the two boys can't escape from the crushing weight of the dead dad on top and they drown face-first in it. The priests then all point to the roof of the stage and a light from heaven descends along with Jesus and Hitler gracefully floating down from above both nude and 69'ing each other whilst simultaneously ramming dildo's up each other's asses and whipping each other in the balls with bondage whips. Jesus then takes the dildo out of Hitler's ass and sticks a blow-dart gun with HIV infected needles up Hitler's ass and sucks Hitler's dick until he cums right in Jesus's mouth. Right as Hitler cums he then farts rapid-fire shooting the needles into the audience, giving them all HIV. Hitler and Jesus then pull pistols out of their asses, shoot and kill all of the priests and then shove the sword dildo's down their throats and choke to death. Curtains" "Wow, what the fuck do you call that act?" Asks the stunned agent The man looks matter-of-factly at the agent and says: "THE ARISTOCRATS!!!"
I was telling a girl in the pub about my ability to guess what day a woman was born just by feeling her boobs... "Really?" she said, "Go on then...try." After about thirty seconds of fondling she lost patience and demanded "Come on, what day was I born?" "Yesterday." I replied.
I got caught taking a pee in the local swimming pool today... The lifeguard shouted at me so loudly, I almost fell in.
A mother had three sons... The first day the oldest boy ran up to her and asked: "Mom, why am I named Feather?" The mother replied: "Well, son, thats because when you were a baby a tiny feather landed on your head." The next day the second boy ran up to her and asked: "Mom, why am I named Leaf?" The mother replied: "Well, son, thats because when you were a baby a tiny leaf landed on your head." The third day the youngest boy ran up to his mother and said: "Moaaah, whaaa yu chueehhe bluahrehbah!". The mother sighed and replied: "Please be quiet, Refrigerator."
I went to the pub last night and saw a fat chick dancing on a table... I said, "Good legs." She giggled and said with a smile, "Do you really think so." I said "Definitely! Most tables would have collapsed by now."
What is a pirates favorite letter You probably think it's "arrr" but it be the "c"
A priest and a man are standing next to each other at a urinal... The man cannot help himself and looks over at the priest. He notices the priest has a nicotine patch on his penis. Puzzled, the man asks, "Father why do you have a nicotine patch on your penis for?" The priest replies, "well, since I've started wearing these I am down to two butts a day."
How do deaf people tell each other secrets ? They wear mittens.
In a remote village they had an old tradition: the newly weds would participate in a competition where the brides would recognize their husbands from their penises exposed through a glory hole. Three newly weds get ready, but one guy is terribly embarrassed about the size of his penis. He confesses his secret to the minister, and the minister agrees to go in his place. The competition starts. The first guy puts his dick through the glory hole and his wife recognizes his self inflicted scar. The second guy then puts his dick through the hole and his wife recognizes him from the curvature. Then, the minister puts his through the hole. All women in unison shout: It's the minister's dick!
Why do American tourists talk so loudly? So that they can hear each other over their clothes
Reading the horoscope. Reading the horoscope that her favorite female magazine publishes, a lady said in a sorry tone to her husband: - Oh! This is stupid! This is stupid! - What is it? - If you were born only a day earlier, you would be intelligent, brave and passionate.
I was fired from work at school... So, due to a minor defect at birth, I was born with Strabismus, and up until last Friday, I was happy performing my duties as a teacher. Unfortunately, I was fired. My boss told me he couldn't have a teacher in his school that couldn't control his pupils.
Overpopulation is a bitch... ... and no matter how you think about it, the world would be a better place with Fuhrer people in it.
Twins Two hours into my first day of work as a Wal-Mart greeter, an ugly woman came in with her two kids. Hearing her swear at them, I said, 'Good morning, welcome to Wal-Mart. Nice kids, are they twins?' The mom answered, 'Hell no, they ain't twins. The oldest one's 9, and the other one's 7. Why would you think they're twins? Are you blind or stupid?' I replied, 'I'm not blind or stupid. I just couldn't believe someone slept with you twice. Have a good day, and thank you for shopping at Wal-Mart.' My supervisor said I probably wasn't cut out for this line of work!
What's the deal with circles. They're pointless.
I've been researching some useless facts... Want some examples? I have found out that there are over 10,000 different types of lice. And that's just off the top of my head.
What do pennies and fat chicks have in common? Unless you're broke and desperate, they're not worth picking up.
Do they have rehabilitation services for people who are addicted to Kaopectate? Because this shit needs to stop.
I went on a date last night.... I went on a date with a blonde woman last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked. "Yes," I replied. "I have one child that's under two." She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
Hearing aid An older woman is talking to her neighbor one day about her brand new hearing aid. "It may have cost me four thousand dollars, but it's state of the art, everything sounds great, and so far, I love it!" Her neighbor asks, "What kind is it?" She replies, "It's about 12:30. You wanna get some lunch?"
I was going to tell a gay joke... butt fuck it.
Missing LSD tablets Hey Gran, you haven't seen my tablets, they're labelled LSD. Gran: Fuck your tablets, have you seen the dragons in the kitchen!
Jokes about women aren't funny... Period.
Two men sitting at a bar... Two men are sitting next to each other at the bar well into their drinking. The first man says to the bartender, in a thick Irish accent, "Sir, another shot of your finest whiskey!" The second man looks at the first and says, with an equally thick accent, "Well I'll be, by chance do you come from Ireland?" "I do sir! A round for me and my fellow countryman!" The bartender pours the pair a shot each. The second man looks at the first and says, "By chance, did you happen to live near Dublin?" "Aye Sir, born and raised there! Another round Bartender!" exclaimed the first. Downing the whiskey together, the first looks at the second and says, "As unlikely as it seems, by chance you didn't go to St. John's College in Dublin did you?" "Jesus Mary and Joseph I did sir! Another two for my friend and me!" A regular walks into the bar and sits down next to the pair. The bartender pours him his usual beer and the man asks, "How's the bar doing tonight, anything new going on?" The bartender replies, "Nothing new pal, just the O'Malley brothers drunk again."
What do you get when you mix a penis and a potato? A dictator.
What's r/jokes' favorite joke site?
So I was talking to a woman yesterday... And told her a very interesting story that happened to me the other day. I told her about this very strange man I saw downtown. It went a little like this: "So, a weird thing happened to me yesterday. I was out downtown where I saw this guy just standing there. He pulled something out of his pocket...and then dropped it. He then bent down and picked it up, only to drop it again. He kept on doing this....A few moments later, someone else came by, watched what this guy was doing, and then started copying the guy. He, too pulled something out of his pocket, dropped it, and bent over and grabbed it, only to repeat. Within a few minutes, a fairly large crowd formed and watched what they were doing...and sure enough, the all kind of stood one behind another and started copying the first guy... It was the weirdest thing in the world!" She responded with extreme confusion, "Wait...is that some sort of joke?" "No" I said..."It's a pickup line ;)"
A masked thief bursts into a bank... As he climbs over the counter his balaclava catches and comes off for a second, before he quickly puts it back on. The thief says to the cashier "did you see my face?", the cashier says "yes, I did!". Then the thief shoots her dead. The thief then goes up to a customer and says "did you see my face?", the customer says "yes", then the robber shoots him right in the head. The thief then runs up to a couple and says to the man "did you see my face?", then man says "no, but my wife did!".
A trucker walks into a bar demanding 2 beers... he takes the first one, gargles and spit it back in the glass, then starts spitting on the ground. This goes on for about 10 minutes, till the barkeeper asks him "Buddy are you ok?". "Yeah" he replied "I just drove my truck in a ditch and some european asshole with his Audi A6 came along asking me if he should pull my truck out of the ditch". Disgusted he spits again on the floor "Then I said: If you can do this I'll give you a blowjob."
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count? If she has to chew before she swallows.
My girlfriend got her car smogged, and suddenly I wondered about Middle-earth; Do Hobbits ever need to Smaug their cars?
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patty O'Furniture.
Newlyweds One night, a newly married couple take to their bed after the party and after some smooching they decide they're ready to consummate the marriage. So the groom drops his pants and gets a shriek out of the Bride. "What's wrong with you!" he shouts at her. "Ohh! OOH! What's THAT?!" she replies, pointing at his junk. "That's just my dick. What about it?" "But what's WRONG with it?" she cries. "Nothing!" he replies, annoyed. "What, you been seeing someone else's?" "No!" she says, "but my mother told me what to expect; a pink, straight, stiff thing. That looks terrible! It - it looks all twisted! It's got grooves around it - it's wrong!" Long story short, they have a row and the marriage remains unconsummated. The next morning they've got over the worst of it and are taking a stroll around town. They pass a public toilet. "Hey," says the Bride. "Have you ever seen another man's penis?" "No!" "Well go in there, stand at the urinal and take sneaky looks at the guys next to you - see if they have the same thing you do." He doesn't like the idea, but he goes in. After a while he comes out again, looking very crestfallen. "You're right!" he cries. "They ARE supposed to be smooth and straight. And after watching them I know where I've been going wrong." "Wrong?" "Yeah - they all shake theirs dry. I've been wringing mine out!"
A Texan goes to a car dealership He sees a car he likes and says "Gee that's a byoot!" The Dealer responds "That's not a Buick that's a Honda!"
Why did the penis. . . Why did the penis stop going to the speakeasy? He was sick of ragtime.
At my school, the cafeteria has "World Cuisine" day once a week, in which one foreign nation's traditional cuisine is on the menu. Last week, the country was Ethiopia... ...they served us nothing.
I'm like a clogged toilet. I DON'T TAKE SHIT FROM NO ONE.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? Because sheep can hear the sound of a fly being undone. (Recycled the joke from Mordecai Richler's "Barney's Version". It's a very good read with lots of content to laugh at if you have the time)
Still a work in progress, but original Theres a Chinese guy and an American guy sitting outside when all of the sudden the Chinese guy looks up in the sky and says "omg Aryans!" The American guy says " those arent Nazi's, those are aliens!"
So an old couple was getting ready for bed... ...when the old lady throws off her robe, revealing the skimpy negligee that she was wearing, jumps on her husband and yells "SUPER SEX!". The man takes one look at his wife and says, "Well if you don't mind, I would like the soup."
Whats the difference between pink and purple??? Your grip!!!
We are thinking about making chili for Christmas Eve. We're starting a new tradition called 'silent but deadly night'.
Joke from WWII: The USSR's three greatest generals. What're the names of the USSR's three greatest generals? December, January, and February!
Do you give head to strangers? Or should I introduce myself?
Itchipussy A cougar had just finished purchasing groceries. The clerk asks if she would like any help out. The woman, seeing the bag boy was an attractive young man, she says she would. In the parking lot she sees her chance to make a move, and does: Woman: (whispers) Hey cutie, I've got an itchipussy. Bag boy: Look lady, all these Japanese cars look alike to me, you'll have to point it out.
Did you hear about the atom that was caught stealing electrons? He was arrested and charged. ...this is the stuff I come up with while procrastinating studying for finals.
A Roman Catholic priest, a Southern Baptist minister, and a Rabbi were all at a bar... They were all arguing over who could convert the most followers to his respective religion. A rather drunk man at the bar yells, "Anyone can convert a person! It takes real skill to convert a bear!" The three religious mean agree, and set out to prove who could most effectively convert a bear. They plan to meet one week later. A week later, they all return. The Roman Catholic priest is the first to speak up. He has a black eye, and several noticeable cuts on his arm. "Gentlemen," he says, "I converted a bear on my first try. I brought my holy water and my incense down to the woods and within a few hours I heard something. I look up and a bear is charging right at me! I manage to dodge him, but I hit myself in the face with a branch and scratched my arms on a tree. But then I threw some holy water on the bear, and he became as still as the baby Jesus." The other two men agreed that was impressive. The southern baptist minister, whose arm was in a sling, spoke next: "I, too, went to the woods, and found myself a bear. I only had with me the word of the lord in our good book. That bear charged at me and I almost dodged, but his massive paw broke my arm! But as he charged past me, I shouted a few verses from Matthew at him, and he became as peaceful as a lamb!" Finally, the rabbi speaks. He is in a full-body cast, with an IV drip and several monitors attached to his chair. He can barely be heard above the beeps of his monitors, so the other two have to lean in close to hear: "In hindsight, circumcision might not have been the best place to start..." Edit: Formatting.
a king has to go out and fight a crusade during the middle ages... A king has to go out and fight a crusade during the middle ages. he knows that his wife is very promiscuous and doesn't trust her to stay loyal while he is gone. he decides to install chastity belt device that whenever someone trys to have sex with her, their penis gets chopped off. 10 years later he returns from the crusade. he calls all the men from the village into his castle and orders them pull down their pants. one by one the men pull down their pants. the king finds that almost every man has their dick chopped off. however, the last man in line is still holding strong. the king orders all the other men to death and takes the only man that still has a penis aside. he say "sir, you are the only man who was worthy enough not to have sex with my wife while i was fighting. what would you like for your reward?" however, the man was unable to respond because his tongue had been chopped off.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because air is free.
Venison... is dear.
What did one saggy boob say to the other? We better perk up or people may think were nuts.
PTA Meeting Three fathers are waiting around at a PTA meeting. They are mulling over life, family and education over by the coffee and the doughnuts until the first dad says, 'I recently taught my son Ben about Taxes. Gee, I wish I hadn't though. Every time I ask him to get me a beer now, he cracks open a tinny and downs half. He then proceeds to say, "There's your beer tax Daddy!"' The second father laughs. 'Yeah, that sounds like when I taught my Daughters Rose and Violet about Unions. They've been on strike ever since, refusing to do dishes and laundry until they get better pay and more candy!' He chuckles again, retreating into his mug of Coffee. He looks up again and asks the third man what he's done around the home to help his Daughter. He replied, 'Well, I'm starting to regret teaching Mercedes about Prostitution.'
Why do hippies have sex at music festivals? Because it is intents
Three elephants jump out of a plane. Two hit the ground and one lands in the water! Ba dum tssshhh!
Pat Robertson meets a Boy with a box full of kittens. Pat Robertson's walking down the sidewalk. This kid is there with a box full of kittens, Pat says, "Those are just some of the prettiest kittens I've ever seen". The boy says, "Yeah, They're Christian kittens". Pat says, "adorable". A few days later he and Anne Coulter were on the same sidewalk, and the kid's still there. Pat says, "Hey Anne, go over and ask him about those kittens". Anne walks over and she says, "those are some cute kittens". And the kid says, "Yeah, they're atheist kittens". Pat says, "wait a minute, last week you told me they were Christian Kittens". The boy answered, "Yeah, but now their eyes are open".
My girlfriend just passed away. She was Dutch and always wore inflatable shoes. I'm miserable now that she has popped her clogs.
I got food poisoning... Not sure when I'm a gonna use it.
three black men are sitting on a park bench A couple attending an art exhibition at the National Gallery in London were staring at a portrait that had them totally confused. The painting depicted three black men totally naked, sitting on a park bench. Two of the men had black penises, but the one seated in the middle, had a pink penis. The curator of the gallery realized the confused couple were having trouble with interpreting the painting and offered his assessment. He went on and on for nearly half an hour explaining how it depicted the sexual emasculation of African-Americans in a predominantly white, patriarchal society. "In fact", he pointed out, "some serious critics believe that the pink penis reflects the cultural and sociological oppression expressed by gay men in a contemporary society". After the curator left, a Scotsman man approached the couple and said, "Would you like to know what the painting is really about?" "Now why would you claim to be more of an expert than the curator of the Gallery?" asked the couple. "Because I'm the guy who painted it," he replied. "They're just three Scottish coal-miners. The guy in the middle went home for lunch.
Meow !! 4 men in a prison cell, a rapist, murderer, psycho and finally a gay man. Rapist says, "If there was a cat in here I'd fuck it till it dies!' The murderer replies, "Once you were done I'd torture it further!" The psycho pipes in, "Oh yeah?, once your were done I'd fuck it till I die!" The gay man in the corner listening in, very softly says, "Meow"
Bob is in trouble. Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really pissed. She told him "Tomorrow morning, I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE !!" The next morning he got up early and left for work. When his wife woke up, she looked out the window and sure enough there was a box gift-wrapped in the middle of the driveway. Confused, the wife put on her robe and ran out to the driveway, brought the box back in the house. She opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale. Bob has been missing since Friday.
Two old men playing golf Two old men are out on the golf course one morning playing their usual round of golf when a funeral procession comes down the street next to the green on which they are putting. One of the old men notices the procession and immediately stops in the middle of his putt. He calmly steps away from his ball, removes his cap, and bows his head in silence as the procession passes by. The other old man is amazed at his friend's reverence for the deceased. "That was truly one of the most touching and thoughtful acts I've ever seen from you." he says. "Well I figure it's the least I could do. After all, we *were* married for 42 years"
So, my girlfriend won't let me wear my mood ring anymore... ...I'm not really sure how I feel about it
I'd tell this as a joke... What knot should the 99% be tying? The clip on. Source: http://i.imgur.com/9wH0F.jpg Context: http://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/14nyxu/ysk_about_suits_xpost_from_mfa/
Brazillian So it's 2004 and the War in Iraq is raging on. President Bush calls Sec. Rumsfeld into the Oval Office to discuss the campaign. Rumsfeld begins by saying, "Sir, there have been no American deaths today. But we do have word that 3 Brazillian soldiers were killed." Much Rumsfeld's surprise, President Bush begins crying and banging his hands on the desk in the office. Rumsfeld says, "Sir, what's wrong?" Bush replies under his heavy sobs, "Exactly how many is a Brazillian?"
Helium Factory It looks like the negotiations at the helium factory were falling apart....everything was up in the air.
First Contact Two aliens landed in the Arizona desert near a gas station that was closed for the night. They approached one of the gas pumps and the younger alien addressed it saying, "Greetings, Earthling. We come in peace. Take us to your leader." The gas pump, of course, didn't respond. The younger alien became angry at the lack of response. The older alien said, "I'd calm down if I were you." The younger alien ignored the warning and repeated his greeting. Again, there was no response. Pissed at the pump's haughty attitude, he drew his ray gun and said gruffly, "Greetings, Earthling. We come in peace. Take us to your leader or I will fire!" The older alien again warned his comrade saying, "You probably don't want to do that! I really think that will make him mad." "Rubbish," replied the young alien. He aimed his weapon and opened fire. There was a huge explosion. A massive fireball roared towards him and blew the younger alien off his feet and threw him in a burnt, smoking mess about 200 yards away into a cactus patch. Half an hour passed. When he finally regained consciousness, he refocused his three eyes, straightened his bent antenna and looked dazedly at the older, wiser alien who was standing over him shaking his big, green head. "What a ferocious creature!" exclaimed the young, fried alien. "He damn near killed me! How did you know he was so dangerous?" The older alien leaned over, placed a friendly feeler on his crispy friend and replied, "If there's one thing I've learned during my intergalactic travels, you never mess with a guy who can loop his penis over his shoulder twice and then stick it in his ear."
What job did the farmer give to his learning-disabled child? Herder
A man is out drinking with his friends.... ...and gets so drunk he thows up all over his shirt. He starts freaking out and says that his wife is going to be pissed that he got so drunk. His friend tells him to put a $10 bill in his front pocket and tell his wife that someone threw up on him and gave him the money to get it cleaned. When his gets home, his wife sees how messy he is and starts yelling at him. He tells her the story and points to his front pocket. His wife grabs the money and asks "then why is there $20 in here?" The man explains "he shit in my pants too."
A young man is getting married... ...and is very nervous about consummating his marriage. He was raised in a very conservative and religious setting, like his bride-to-be, and is a virgin (as is the bride). He decides to ask a friend of his who has more experience for advice on what he should do. The friend gives him details on how to do the deed, wishes him luck, and sends the groom off to his wedding. The next day, the friend calls the groom and asked how everything went. "I guess it went ok, but to be honest I didn't really enjoy it all that much. It didn't feel nearly as good as I thought it would." "Huh..." answer his friend. "Well how about your bride? Did she enjoy it?" "I think so... but again I'm not really sure. She didn't really say anything during the act, but I did notice that her toes would curl up every time I would thrust." "Ummmm... you did remember to take off her pantyhose first, right?"
"We need to talk". Thought the caveman.
Kissing is like peeing your pants Everyone can see it but only you can feel the heat
Supposedly Adam Ant has been trying to impress Robert Plant for years... ...everyone knows Adam Ant doesn't move Robert Plant, but he's got high hopes.
Girls on GoneWild Q: Why do girls on gonewild wear panties? A: So that their ankles would keep warm
I donated a kidney once but they turned it down when I couldn't answer where I got it from.
What's the difference between a blowjob and pizza? Your mom never gave me pizza.
Two guys in a village are hanging out and one says: Man, I tried the other hole with my wife last night. It was really tight, but awesome. Have you tried it? His friend says: Oh man, we don't use that hole anymore, she kept getting pregnant.
What is brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Two men are hiking... Two men are hiking in a forest when suddenly, the other man falls down. "Oh my God!", his friend exclaims. He quickly dials 911. He gets connected to an operater. "This is 911, what is your emergency?" "Me and my buddy were hiking and he suddenly fell down! His eyes are glazed and he isn't moving!" "Calm down, sir. Everything will be okay. Now, can you make sure he is dead?" There is a brief silence on the line, then a gunshot is heard in the background. "Okay, now what?" Edit:A bit of word editing due to misleading sentence
Grasshopper walks into a bar Bartender goes "*hey! you.... we have a drink named after you, buddy!*" Grasshopper excitingly responds "*no way! You have a drink named Steve?*"
Two things I hate: This joke, And things that are meta.
Mental health hotline. Hello, welcome to the mental health hotline. If you have obsessive compulsive disorder, press 1 repeatedly. If you are co-dependent, please ask someone to press 2 for you. If you have multiple personality syndrome, press 3, 4, 5, and 6. If you suffer from paranoid schizophrenia, we know who you are and what you want. Stay on the line so we can trace your call. If you are delusional, press 7 and your call will be transfered to the mothership. If you are hearing voices, listen carefully and a small voice will tell you which number to press. If you are manic depressive, it doesn't matter which button you press. No one will answer anyway. If you are dyslexic, press 96969696969696. If you have a nervous disorder, please fidget with the pound button until a representative comes on the line. If you have amnesia, press 8 and state your name, address, phone number, date of birth, social security number, and your mother's and grandmother's maiden names. If you have post traumatic stress disorder, slowly and carefully press 911. If you have bi-polar disorder, please leave a message after the beep. Or before the beep. Or after the beep. Please wait for the beep. If you have short term memory loss, please try you call again in a few minutes. If you have low self esteem, please hang up. All our representatives are busy.
An engineer, a doctor and a priest were playing golf. A foursome was playing ahead of them and each man had his own personal ball spotter lining them up and then taking them to their ball. The game was moving extremely slow and the men were starting to become annoyed. The head golf pro showed up to see how the men were doing. The priest, being curious asked the pro what the deal with the men was. The pro answered that the four men were firefighters that lost their eyesight in the clubhouse fire the year before. Because of this they get to play for free and get their own caddies. The priest hearing this was saddened and said he would pray every night for the men. The doctor then said that we would do everything in his power to find a way to get these men's eyesight back to them. The engineer then asked the pro why the men can't play at night.
Similarities and differences between the Canadian and Chinese constitution. Both have freedom of speech but only one has freedom after speech.
Willie the bridge builder An old man is sitting at the bar when a young patron walks in. He notices the old man has quite a few empty shot glasses in front of him. He approaches the old man and says, "Hello sir, I don't mean to be nosy but you sure have a lot of empty shot glasses there. What's the matter?" The old man looks up, very intoxicated, and says, "When you build a bridge, nobody calls you Willie the bridge builder." He takes another shot. "When you build a church, nobody calls you Willie the church builder." Another shot. "when you build a school, nobody calls you Willie the school builder." Another shot. "But you fuck ONE goat..."
What do gay horses eat? *haaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy.....*
End of the world Two men are at the bar drinking, when all of a sudden a breaking news report comes on. "Breaking news, the world will end in one week! According to top scientist a meteor will hit the Earth in 7 days!" The first man looks at his friend and say, "so what are you going to in your last days?" To this his friend replies, "fuck anything that moves, what about you?" the first man then says, "not move!"
A Preacher A preacher is making his weekly rounds to people's houses, trying to get them to convert. He reaches one home in the afternoon, and rings the doorbell. He distinctively hears someone inside, but no one comes to answer the door, so after waiting a few minutes of knocking and asking if anyone was home, he takes out his business card and writes "Revelations 3:20" down and puts it on the doormat. A few weeks later, after church service, an usher hands him the same business card, only this time, under "Revelations 3:20," there is another verse, "Genesis 3:10." Here is what each of them says: Revelations 3:20: "Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with him, and he with me." Genesis 3:10: "I heard you in the garden and I did not answer, for I was naked."
Did you know it's now politically incorrect to say 'black paint'? Now you have to say "Jerome can you please paint the fence".
tomorrow is national microphone day... check 12/12/12
dbj's What is funnier than a dead baby? A dead baby in a clown costume. What is the difference between a baby and a onion? No one cries when you chop up the baby. What is the difference between a dead baby and a water melon? One's fun to hit with a sledge hammer, the other one's a water melon. What is the difference between a baby and a dart-board? Dart-boards don't bleed. What is the difference between a baby and a mars bar? About 500 calories. Why did the family take the dead baby along on the cookout? So they could light it and toast their marshmallows. Why was the dead baby kept in the kitchen drawer? The family used it to crack nuts. Why do people keep dead babies in the rec. room? They cut off one leg and use it as a ping pong paddle. Why do you put babies into blenders feet first? So you can see the expression on their faces. Why do they boil water when a baby is being born? So that if its born dead they can make soup. Why did the baby cross the road? It was stapled to the chicken. How many babies does it take to make a bottle of baby oil? It depends on how hard you squeeze them. How many babies fit in a blender? Depends on how powerful the blender is. How do you know when a baby is dead? It doesn't cry if you nail its feet to the ceiling. How do you find the live baby in a pile of dead ones? Jab 'em all with a pitchfork. How do you save a drowning baby? Harpoon it. How do you turn a baby into a dog? Pour gas over it and light a match. Woof. How do you turn a baby into a cat? Freeze it solid, then run it through a bandsaw. Meeow. How do you get 100 babies into a bucket? With a blender. How do you get them out again? With Doritos. How do you make a dead baby float? Take your foot off its head. or: A glass of soda water and 2 scoops of baby. What do you call two abortions in a bucket? Blood brothers. What is red and is creeping up your leg? An abortion with homesickness. What is a foot long and can make a woman scream? Stillbirth. What is a foot long, blue, and makes women scream in the morning? Crib death. What do you call a dead baby pinned to your wall? Art. What is red, bubbly, and scratches at the window before exploding? A baby in a microwave. What is blue and yellow and sits at the bottom of the pool? Baby with slashed floaties. What is red and yellow and floats at the top of the pool? Floaties with a slashed baby. What is red and hangs around trees? A baby hit by a snow blower. What is green and hangs around trees? Same baby 3 weeks later. What is pink and red and silver and crawls into walls? A baby with forks in its eyes. What is pink and goes black with a "hiss."? A baby thrown into a furnace. What is brown and gurgles? A baby in a casserole. What is purple, covered in pus, and squeals? A peeled baby in a bag of salt. What is black and goes up and down? A baby in a toaster. What is red and hangs out of the back of a train? A miscarriage. What is red and goes round and round? A baby in a garbage disposal. What is red and swings back and forth? A baby on a meat hook. What is red, screams, and goes around in circles? A baby nailed to the floor. What is red and sits in the corner? A baby with razor blades. What is blue and sits in the corner? A baby in a baggie. What is black and sits in a corner? A baby with it's finger in a power socket. What is green and sits in the corner? Same baby two weeks later. What is black and charred? A baby chewing on an extension cord. What is black and white, runs around the room, and smokes? A baby with his hair on fire. What is blue and flies around the room at high speeds? A baby with a punctured lung. What is cold, blue and doesn't move? A baby in your freezer. What is pink, flies and squeals? A baby fired from a catapult. What do you call the baby when it lands? Free pizza. What is red and has more brains than the baby you just shot? The wall behind it. What is white and glows pink? A dead baby with an electrode up its ass. What is more fun than nailing a baby to a wall? Ripping it off again. What is more fun than throwing a baby off the cliff? Catching it with a pitchfork. What is more fun than swinging babies around on a clothesline? Stopping them with a shovel. What is more fun than shoveling dead babies off your porch? Doing it with a snow blower. What sits in the kitchen and keeps getting smaller and smaller? A baby combing it's hair with a potato peeler. What bounces up and down at 100mph? A baby tied to the back of a truck. What goes plop, plop, fizz, fizz? Twins in an acid bath. What is red and pink and can't turn round in a corridor? A baby with a javelin through its throat. What is little and can't fit through a door? A baby with a spear in its head. What is the definition of fun? Playing fetch with a pitbull and a baby. What has 4 legs and one arm? A doberman on a children's playground. What has 10 arms and blood all over it? A pitbull in front of a pile of dead babies. What is red and pink and hanging out of your dog's mouth? Your baby's leg. What present do you get for a dead baby? A dead puppy. What is grosser than ten dead babies nailed to a tree? One dead baby nailed to ten trees. What is worse than a dead baby in a trash can? 100 dead babies in a trash can. What is worse than that? There's a live one at the bottom. What is worse than that? It eats its way out. What is worse than that? It comes back for seconds. Know what's gross? Running over a baby with a truck. Know whats worse? Skidding on it. Worse than that? Peeling it off the tires. What is the worst part about killing a baby? Getting blood on your clown suit.
What did the janitor get for his birthday? A urinal cake.
A man is hosting a costume party... And this years theme is "emotion." The invites instruct the guests to show up dressed as an emotion. On that note, the first man shows up with an all red jumpsuit from his head to his toes. "And what emotion might you be symbolizing this evening," asked the host. "I'm red with rage," replied the man. "Clever. Join the party," invited the host. The next guest was a woman dressed in the exact same jumpsuit, yet it was green. The host asks her the same question and she replies, "I'm green with envy." That too was exceptional for the host. The third guest to arrive appeared at the door fully naked with his dick in a pear. "What in the fuck are you doing!?" Exclaimed the host. "I'm in despair."
Why did santa and Mrs. Claus go to marriage counseling? Santa only cums once a year.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
Why couldn't the t-rex clap? Because he's dead.
A man walks into the doctor's office wearing nothing but cellophane (saran-wrap). Dr. says, "Clearly I can see your nuts!"
A Foot and a Half! It is Samantha's wedding day, which also means it is the first time she will get to make love to her newly-wed husband. Being nervous due to the fact that it was her first sexual experience, she asked her mom to be in the house in case something went wrong. Agreeing to this, Samantha takes her husband to her room. She slowly starts to undress him, starting with his shirt. She pulls it over his head and tosses it to the floor. Seeing her husband shirtless, Samantha gets very nervous and runs downstairs to her mother. Samantha: Mom! I just took off his shirt and...and...I'm so nervous I don't know what to do! Mom: Don't worry sweety everything will be fine! just go back up there and show him you love him! Hearing this, Samantha returned to her room with her husband. She approached him and slowly unzipped his pants, pulling them off his legs. Looking down, she noticed the obvious bulge in his underwear. This caused Samantha once more to run back to her mother. Samantha: Mom I'm so nervous! i just took off his pants and saw 'it' through his underwear! Mom: relax sweety everything will be ok! take a deep breath and go back with your husband! and don't come back until the deed is done! And once again, Samantha returned to her room. Approaching her husband, she now proceeded to remove his socks. starting with his left foot... then his right, when suddenly she noticed half of his right foot was cut off! In a fit of panic, Samantha runs right back downstairs to her mother. Samantha: Mom! Mom!! Mom: Samantha what did I say! Samantha: mom you don't understand! he has a foot and a half! Mom: Holly hell! Get out of the way! I want some of that!
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Around Ten-ish.
An old couple's sex life.. An old couple well into their 80's had stopped having sex. Their sex life consisted of the woman simply holding the old man's penis in her hand. One day the woman notices the man seems distant. She asks if he is seeing another woman and he admits that he is. Furious, she yells- "what does she have that I don't?!" And he answers, "Parkinson's."
What machine should I use at the gym to impress girls? The ATM
What's Snoop Dogg's favourite chocolate bar? Sniggas.
Why did Florence Welch sing 'Sweet Nothing'? Because she was out of lemo-nada. It's okay guys, i'll let myself out...
Collection of my favorite Latvian Jokes. * Man is hungry. He steal bread to feed family. Get home, find all family have gone Siberia! "More bread for me," man think. But bread have worm. * Man car break down near house of farmer. Take shelter in barn. Find farmer daughter in barn. Oh! Hot stuff! But TOO LATE! Is already rape by soldier. * Latvian walk into bar with mule. Bartender say, "Why so long face?" Latvian say, "I was thinking of my daughter. She has been lie with soldier for potato feed baby. " * Three Latvian are brag about sons. "My son is soldier. He have rape as many women as want," say first Latvian. "Zo?" second say, "My son is farmer. He have all potato he want!" Third Latvian wait long time, then say, "My son is die at birth. For him, struggle is over." "Wow! You are win us," say others. But all are feel sad. * Q : What are one potato say other potato? A : Premise ridiculous. Who have two potato? * Q : How many Latvian is take screw in light bulb? A : 25. One screw in, 24 ride bicycle generator for 1-hour shift. But time probably better spend search food. * Q: What is happening if you cross Latvian and potato? A: This is cruel joke. please, no more.
I've opened a restaurant called 'Karma'... There's no menu, you just get what you deserve.
Magician walking down the street A magician is walking down a street, he then turns into a grocery store.
A husband and wife are out golfing... So a husband and wife are out golfing, on their favorite course by an old abandoned farm. On the 14th hole, a par 4, the husband hooks his shot way to the left, landing near the doors of a big barn. Just as he's setting up to hit it around the barn, his wife stops him and says, "Wait, honey, how about I just open the doors, and you can just chip it right through straight toward the green?" The husband agrees, and the wife opens the doors for him and stands to the side. He then lines up his shot, takes it, and the ball ricochets off the barn and hits his wife in the head, killing her instantly. ... A few years later, the husband is out golfing on the same course with a friend of his. On that same 14th hole, he hits his shot to exactly the same place near the barn. Just as he's about to hit his second shot around the barn, his friend says, "Wait, how about I just open the doors and you can chip it right through toward the green?" The husband replies "Nah, last time I tried that I shot a bogey."
What I hate most. I hate people who never finish their sent
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?? None. They just beat the room for being black
What do you get when you kiss a bird? Chirpies. It's a Canarial Disease. It's Untweetable!
What do frogs do when they are depressed? They Kermit suicide.
Im searching for a joke that I really need! Please r/jokes help me out It was about some guy asking a girl out for prom, the he gets in a couple of lines to buy something for the prom. Then it ends with the girl wants some punch, and he looks over to the punch table and there were no punchline. Please link it :)
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups? Because the border says "No TRESpassing"
My wife found a spot between her boobs this morning. The doctor eased her worries telling her it was just her belly button
Bovine Economics Basic Economics, brought up to date... **SOCIALISM** You have 2 cows. You give one to your neighbor. The government charges a gift tax. **COMMUNISM** You have 2 cows. The State takes both and gives you some milk. **FASCISM** You have 2 cows. The State takes both and sells you some milk. **NAZISM** You have 2 cows. The State takes both and shoots you. **BUREAUCRATISM** You have 2 cows. The State takes both, shoots one, milks the other, and then throws the milk away. **TRADITIONAL CAPITALISM** You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows. You sell them and retire on the income. **Goldman Sachs (VENTURE) CAPITALISM** You have two cows. You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island Company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more. You sell one cow to buy a new president of the United States , leaving you with nine cows. No balance sheet provided with the release. The public then buys your bull. **AN AMERICAN CORPORATION** You have two cows. You sell one, and force the other to produce the milk of four cows. Later, you hire a consultant to analyse why the cow has dropped dead. **A GREEK CORPORATION** You have two cows. You borrow lots of euros to build barns, milking sheds, hay stores, feed sheds, dairies, cold stores, abattoir, cheese unit and packing sheds. You still only have two cows. **A FRENCH CORPORATION** You have two cows. You go on strike, organize a riot, and block the roads, because you want three cows. **A JAPANESE CORPORATION** You have two cows. You redesign them so they are one-tenth the size of an ordinary cow and produce twenty times the milk. You then create a clever cow cartoon image called a Cowkimona and market it worldwide. **AN ITALIAN CORPORATION** You have two cows, but you don't know where they are. You decide to have lunch. **A SWISS CORPORATION** You have 5000 cows. None of them belong to you. You charge the owners for storing them. **A CHINESE CORPORATION** You have two cows. You have 300 people milking them. You claim that you have full employment, and high bovine productivity. You arrest the newsman who reported the real situation. **AN INDIAN CORPORATION** You have two cows. You worship them. **A BRITISH CORPORATION** You have two cows. Both are mad. **AN AUSTRALIAN CORPORATION** You have two cows. Business seems pretty good. You close the office and go for a few beers to celebrate. **A NEW ZEALAND CORPORATION** You have two cows. The one on the left looks rather attractive.........
[Request] Apocalypse jokes I want as many apocalypse jokes as you can give me. Good, bad, ugly, I'll take any and all of them. Thank you :)
Tourette's convention rally What do we want?! A CURE FOR TOURETTE!! When do we want it?! CUNT! SHIT! FUCK!
The Bears recruit a quarterback The coach had put together the perfect team for the Chicago Bears. The only thing that was missing was a good quarterback. He had scouted all the colleges and even the Canadian and European Leagues, but he couldn"t find a ringer who could ensure a Super Bowl win. Then one night while watching CNN he saw a war-zone scene in Afghanistan . In one corner of the background, he spotted a young Afghan Muslim soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand-grenade straight into a 15th story window 100 yards away. KABOOM! He threw another hand-grenade 75 yards away, right into a chimney. KA-BLOOEY! Then he threw another at a passing car going 90 mph. BULLS-EYE! "I"ve got to get this guy!" Coach said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings him to the States and teaches him the great game of football. And the Bears go on to win the Super Bowl. The young Afghan is hailed as the great hero of football, and when the coach asks him what he wants, all the young man wants is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl!" "I don"t want to talk to you, the old Muslim woman says."You are not my son!" "I don"t think you understand, Mother," the young man pleads. "I"ve won the greatest sporting event in the world. I"m here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No! Let me tell you!" his mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives last week, and I have to keep your sister in the house so she doesn't get raped!" The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says, "I will never forgive you for making us move to Chicago !!!!
What is the difference between a horse and a cabbage? I have never been hungry enough that I could eat a cabbage.
What did the sergeant say to the corporal? I need to see your privates.
A priest walks into a shoemakers shope... And says to the cobbler, "Help! My soles need heeling!"
I'm writing a movie about a woman who kills her husband by giving him poisoned Viagra. Calling it "Die Hard".
Higgs Boson walks into a church Pastor says "*oh no, no you don't! You have caused the church plenty trouble already, I must ask you to leave immediately!*" Higgs Boson replies "*but without me, how will you have mass?*"
True Story When I was going to college (in eastern european country), the dorms had only one toilet and they were locked after midnight. One night my friend wakes me up saying that he has stomach issues and cannot hold it in. We go to the window in the corridor and he puts his ass out of the window and eases his pain. The next day, we're horribly embarrassed looking at the outer wall of the dorm. The dorm supervisor walks by and says: "Damn kids and their graffiti! What do those exclamation marks mean anyways?"
Well... You know what they say... So I guess I don't need to tell you...
Just had a water fight over the park with a bunch of local kids... I won!! No one's a match for me and my kettle.
What do my relationships and fat people have in common? They never work out.
Bar bear A bear walks into a bar in Butte, Montana and sits down. He bangs on the bar with his paw and demands a beer. The bartender approaches and says, "We don't serve beer to bears in bars in Butte,"The bear, becoming angry, demands again that he be served a beer. The bartender tells him again, more forcefully, "We don't serve beer to belligerent bar bears in Butte,"The bear, very angry now, says, "If you don't serve me a beer, I'm going to eat that lady sitting at the end of the bar."The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve beer to belligerent, bully bears in bars in Butte,"The bear goes to the end of the bar, and as promised, eats the woman. He comes back to his seat and again demands a beer. The bartender states, "Sorry, we don't serve beer to belligerent, bully bears in bars in Butte that are on drugs!"The bear says, "I'm not on drugs!"The bartender says, "You are now. That was a barbitchyouate."
It goes without saying, that...
Two blondes meet in college.. one asks the other: "What year are you in?" "Well...2012. you ?" *Edit. The title could be a joke on its own.
Guy walks into a doctors office.. Guy walks into a doctor's office, wearing nothing but saran wrap. The doctor looked at him and said "Clearly, I can see your nuts." (Buddum-bum)
Heard a dwarf-comedian tell this ( no offence ti anybody) (quite long) There is a bar that sponsors a soccer team for midgets, so after every game the team and their opposing team of that weak eat free at the second floor of that bar. So when the teams are eating a man comes in and starts drinking, big time. After a while the first team leaves and the man looks in surpise bus remains silent. After he's had another drink the second team leaves. The man then turns to the barkeeper and says dead serious: " I don't mean to alarm you but I think your foosball ( table football) table is leaving." No offence to anyone. I just thought it was hilarious. EDIT: spelling errors
John gets a Christmas parrot John decided to get his wife a Christmas present. Maybe a puppy. Walking in to the pet store, he searches for the right puppy. "Excuse me sir, are you looking for a Christmas present?" the clerk asked. "Yes, I think she would like a puppy," John replies. "Here," motioning towards the back of the store, "we have a very special bird, Chet. He sings Christmas carols. See, light a match and hold it under his left foot." The parrot begins to sing, "Silent night, holy night." Pulling the match away, "And now his right foot." The parrot sings, "Dashing through the snow, in a one horse open sleigh." "Perfect," John exclaims. Molly was home as she hears John knocking on the door. Letting him in, John proudly smiles, "His name is Chet. I got you a singing parrot!" Raising a eyebrow, Molly stares at him. Placing the parrot on his stand, John lights a match. "Listen to him sing when I hold the match under his left foot." The parrot begins to sing again, "Silent night, holy night." Pulling the match away, "And now his right foot." The parrot sings, "Dashing through the snow, in a one horse open sleigh." "Well, what do you think?" Jon smiles. Molly stood quietly, "What would happened if you hold the match, well, between his feet?" Holding the match between his feet, the parrot squawks, "CHET'S NUTS ROASTING ON AN OPEN FIRE!"
The gang's all here A horse, a blonde, a redneck, a priest, a rabbi, and the president all walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "What is this, some kind of a joke?"
Why did the hipster burn his mustache on his coffee? ...he was totally drinking it before it was cool.
What do women and parking spots have in common? All the good ones are already taken, and the available ones are either pay or handicapped.
A termite walks into a bar... he walks up to the counter and asks "Is the bartender here?"
3 men go to hell Three men die and go to hell. On their arrival the devil greets them, saying "hello and welcome to hell! You are all here because you were addicted to something that ruined the lives of you and the people around you. You will all be given your own personal hells until you are cured, then you will go to heaven." He goes to the first man, "you were addicted to eating and you became extremely obese, ruining your family." He opens up a door to reveal donuts, cake, soda, every kind of sweet imaginable as far as the eye can see. He shoves the man in and tells him to stay there for 1,000 years, then shuts and locks the door. He goes to the second man, "you were an alcoholic and killed 4 others and yourself in an accident." He opens up a door and reveals a room much like the first but instead of food, it was alcohol as far as the eye can see. He puts him in the room and tells him to stay there for 1,000 years then he closed and locked the door. He goes to the third man, "you were addicted to marijuana and ended up killing three others over a drug deal." He opens a door to reveal an endless room with weed and every single bong and piece you could imagine. He puts him in there and tells him to stay there for 1,000 years then locks the door. 1,000 years later, he opens the first door to reveal no food and the man grossly obese and crying, yelling that he was so sorry. The devil sends him to heaven as he promised. He goes to the second door to reveal no alcohol left and the man crying in the corner asking why he never died. He was sent to heaven as well. When the devil opened the third door, he saw that none of the weed had been touched and the man was crying on the floor. The devil walked in and asked the man "what happened? Why didn't you smoke any of the weed?" The man looks up and through watery eyes he pauses and utters "no lighter."
Why did Tim Tebow's mom protest against the Russian soup truck? It contained a borscht ton.
What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed? Yes but we cantaloupe.
Camping! John and his girlfriend were going to go camping for the week. On his way out of the the door, John's little brother yelled, "wait for me!" John told his brother to go back inside, but his girlfriend insisted on taking him. John turned to his brother and said, "OK, but we get top bunk when we get to the cabin." His little brother agreed and they left for the campground. When night came John, his girlfriend and his little brother went to bed. While in bed John turned to his girlfriend and said, "I'm in the mood, do u want to do it?" his girlfriend replied "your little brother is right under us, he will hear us!" John than tells her "I have an idea, when you want me to go faster, say lettuce. And when you want me to go slower, say tomato." She agreed and started doing the dirty deed. All night night John's little brother kept hearing "lettuce, lettuce, tomato, lettuce, tomato, tomato, lettuce, lettuce!" After an hour John;s brother jumps up and screams "GUYS STOP MAKING SANDWICHES, YOU'RE GETTING MAYONNAISE ALL OVER ME!"
Why does the can crusher hate his job? Because it's soda pressing.
What did O say to Q? Ya dick is hangin out.
Did you hear about the redditor who had a girlfriend?
r/jokes, let's have a chat. Hello, r/jokes. I've come here to point out two things that have been irking this community since they have started. They both are unnecessary, hated by the community, and are downvoted into oblivion. The first thing is this "the x fainted". Please stop. The majority of the subreddit knows about this problem, and I hope we can all agree that it got old and annoying pretty darn quick. "But begsandachin, you can just ignore it and downvote!" Yes, but at the end of a good joke and scrolling through the comments, I see an unbelievable amount of these posts. An example is http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/14pu6o/an_old_couples_sex_life/ Three of those babies. Downvoted, and easy to ignore. But unnecessary. Come on guys. I know younger teens enjoy Reddit, and we have a great community, but please respect redditquette and only comment if you can add to the conversation. Or compliment/provide feedback, for that matter. I love r/jokes, and I make so many people laugh with the cheesy, dirty, and simple jokes I see here. Consider this post an offer to make it better. tl;dr NO MORE OF "THE WIFE FAINTED" SHIT.
what do you call a black man that flies an airplane? a pilot you racist fuck
Whales So, there are two whales swimming around, when they see a boat. The first whale says, "Hey, let's go blow that boat over!" The second whale replies, "Alright, let's go." So the two whales blow the boat over, sending the crew members overboard. Then the first whale gets an idea, "We should go eat those crew members!" The second whale, disgusted, says, "Nah man, I'm always up for the occasional blowjob, but I never swallow the seamen."
How did they get John McAfee out of Guatemala? McAfee Removal Tool
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Wiped.
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Frat boys don't screw in lightbulbs; they screw in puddles of vomit.
What did the Jewish boy get for Christmas? Jealous
What do you get when you cross an iPad with a Christmas Tree? A PiNEAPPLE! Get it? ;-D
What's the difference between a cunt punch and fisting? pants
I used to date a girl called Anna Ward She was a trophy girlfriend.
Diarrhea is hereditary... It runs in the jeans (genes)
NASA confirmed that, in the end of the afternoon of day 21, the skies are going to be very dark. It's a phenomenon called "Night".
So two fish are hanging out in a tank... So two fish are hanging out in a tank, when one turns to the other and says "Are you sure you known how to drive this thing?"
Why did the White Man go to the Moon? He wanted more land. -Heard this from a native friend of mine. I laughed my ass off.
popsicle stick joke. Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
What do you call two gay chickpeas? Hummusexuals.
An Australian man was having coffee... and toast with butter and jam in a cafe, when an American tourist, chewing gum, sat down next to him. The Australian politely ignored the American who, nevertheless, started up a conversation. The American snapped the gum in his mouth and said, 'Do you Australian folk eat the whole bread?' The Australian frowned, annoyed with being bothered during his breakfast, and replied, "yeah, of course." The American blew a huge bubble. "We don't. In the States we only eat what's inside. The crusts we collect in a container, recycle them, transform them into croissants and sell them to Australia." The American had a smirk on his face, the Australian listened in silence. The American persisted, "D'ya eat jam with the bread?" Sighing, the Australian replied "yes." Cracking his gum between his teeth, the American said, "We don't. In the States we eat fresh fruit for breakfast, we put all the peels, seeds and leftovers in containers, recycle them, transform them into jam, and sell it to Australia. The Australian then asked, "Do you have sex in the States?" The American smiled and said, "yeah, of course we do." The Australian leant closer to him and asked, "what do you do with the condoms once you've used them?" "We throw them away of course" replied the American. Now it was the Australian's turn to smile. "We don't. In Australia, we put them in containers, recycle them, melt them down into chewing gum and sell them to The United States.
I quit my job at the helium factory... I refuse to be spoken to in that tone
The swordsman thought he won his fight but in fact His opponent feinted
Special side effects A woman decides she wants to have a girl. So she goes to the doctor and asked: "how can i get a girl?" The doc goes: "easy! Just swallow two pieces of lead, and you'll get a girl. " Nine months later she had beautiful girl. Later she askes for a boy. The doc goes: "easy! Just swallow one piece of lead." Nine months later, she has a baby boy. The kids get older and one day the daughter comes and sais: "Mummy, mummy! Something happened! I was peeing, and two pieces of lead came out!" "no worries", sais the mum. "that's normal" A few years later the boy comes running and sais: "mummy mummy! Something happened!" she askes: " did a piece of lead come out when you were peeing?" "no, i shot my girlfriend, while fucking!"
Latvian joke. Are three. Latvian go fish. Catch fish. Is excite for food! Boat tip over. Lose fish. Also catch sickness. Die. Leave family only half potato. Latvian very hungry. Go to neighbor, beg for food. Neighbor very nice, give half potato wrapped in paper. Latvian go home. Too late. Family all starve. Also, not potato wrapped in paper. Is rock. Also very cold outside. Latvian meet magician on road. Magician offer to do trick. Latvian ask Magician to send him to America, where there many potato. Magician make poof! and send Latvian away. Latvian open his eyes. Is in Siberia. Also, boots not very warm.
Things you can only say at Christmas... 1: I prefer breasts to legs. 2: Tying the legs together keeps the inside moist. 3: Smother the butter all over the breasts. 4: If I don't undo my trousers, I'll burst! 5: I've never seen a better spread! 6: I fancy a little dark meat for a change. 7: Are you ready for seconds yet? 8: It's a little dry, do you still want to eat it? 9: Just wait your turn, you'll get some! 10: Don't play with your meat! 11: Stuff it up between the legs as far as it will go. 12: Do you think you'll be able to handle all these people at once? 13: I didn't expect everyone to come at the same time! 14: You still have a little bit on your chin. 15: How long will it take after you put it in? 16: You'll know it's ready when it pops up. 17: Just pull the end and wait for the bang. 18: That's the biggest bird I've ever had! 19: I'm so full, I've been gobbling nuts all morning. 20: Wow, I didn't think I could handle all that and still want more
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar. He orders a drink...
Why do Mexicans walk around school like they own the place? Their Father built the place and their Mother cleans it.
A man walks into a bar with a gun And shouts, "Who the hell fucked my wife?!" A man in the back replied "You haven't got enough bullets mate!"
Three men show up at the gates to heaven... Three men all die on the same day and they are queuing at the pearly gates to talk to St. Peter. The first guy goes up and St. Peter asks him how he died. "Well, I had suspected my wife had been cheating on me a for a while, so this morning I left for work as normal, but came back half an hour later to the tower block where I live to see if I could catch her in the act. "Lo and behold there she is naked on the bed clearly after having been screwed. I started searching for the guy but I couldn't find him, until I went out on the balcony. There he was hanging over the side trying to hide from me. In my rage I bashed at his fingers until he fell. He wasn't quite dead so I grabbed the fridge from the kitchen and chucked it over the balcony to finish him off. "I was suddenly wracked by guilt, so threw myself over the edge too. Here I am." The second guy goes up and St. Peter asks him how he ended up dead. "Well I live on a tall tower block, and I was doing my morning workout, pullups on the edge of my balcony. "Unfortunately I slipped, but by a stroke of luck I managed to grab onto the balcony below. "Just as I was trying to pull myself up a crazed guy came out of the apartment and started bashing my fingers. I fell five stories but luckily I was still alive. A few seconds later I saw what I think was a fridge falling towards me, and that's all I can remember." The third guy goes up to St. Peter, and St. Peter asks him how he died. "Well, I was hiding in a fridge..."
Latvian Christmas Christmas Eve father ask son what want christmas. Son say potato. Father say "Ok. Santa bring potato." Next day boy is learn Santa no exist.
I pointed to two old drunks across the bar from us and told my mate "That'll be us in ten years...." He replied, "That's a mirror, you dick-head".
I had to break up with my French horn playing girlfriend... ...She was great, but every time we kissed she tried to put her fist in my ass.
A classic Dutch bakerjoke * A man walks into a bakery. * Baker: How can I help you? * Man: I FUCKED YOUR MOTHER!!! * Baker: Get out dad, i'm trying to work.
Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority? Because they hate Dick's
Yo mama such a ho... Yo mama such a ho that her privates are called publics. i'm ashamed of this. but also really proud.
What's the difference between The Rolling Stones and a scottish shepard? One says " Hey you get off my cloud", and the other says "Hey McCloud get off my ewe!"
I think a cool anti-hero would be Aeon Netflux ...except during fights she would stop every 2 minutes to "rebuffer", and her selection of moves would be extremely limited.
My sex life is exactly like my shopping. I do it all online.
There once was ... There once was a fellow named Wes, who tried to make his comments the best, although sometimes he missed, he never expected to get dissed, but some redditors downvoted nonetheless.
I really don't see the logic in this joke, but here it goes... A girl tells her granny, who was sitting on the porch : Granny, can i play with your breasts ? To which the granny replies: ok, but don't leave the driveway. Edit: the girl wanting to play with granny's breasts is really puzzling me.
Students taking English Literature at a local college were assigned to read two books, 'Titanic' and 'My Life' by Bill Clinton. One student turned in the following report, with the proposition that they were nearly identical stories. He got an A+. Titanic: cost - $29.99 Clinton: cost - $29.99 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Over 3 hours to read Clinton: Over 3 hours to read ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: The story of Jack and Rose, their forbidden love, and subsequent catastrophe. Clinton: The story of Bill and Monica, their forbidden love, and subsequent catastrophe. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Jack is a starving artist. Clinton: Bill is a bullshit artist. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: In one scene, Jack enjoys a good cigar. Clinton: Ditto for Monica ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: During the ordeal, Rose's dress gets ruined. Clinton: Ditto for Monica. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Jack teaches Rose to spit. Clinton: Let's not go there. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Rose gets to keep her jewelry. Clinton: Monica is forced to return her gifts. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Rose remembers Jack for the rest of her life. Clinton: Clinton remembers Monica for the rest of his life. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Rose goes down on a vessel full of seamen. Clinton: Monica...ooh, let's not go there either. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Titanic: Jack surrenders to an icy death. Clinton: Bill goes home to Hilary - basically the same thing. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Three men were shipwrecked and washed up onto a tropical island... After the first night the men woke up in the morning and were surrounded by a native tribe of the island. Not being able to understand the language the men believed they were being rescued by the tribe. They returned to the tribes village and quickly learned that tribe was cannibalistic and that they were there to be eaten. Realizing that they had no chance of escape the submitted to their fate and enjoyed the next few days of gluttony as the tribe fattened them up with food and drink. On the day of their execution the tribe chief ( through difficult translation) told the men that they would each be killed, skinned and eaten and their skin would be used to make a boat to get the tribe off of the island. He also informed the men they each had one dying wish. The first man stood up and pointed to the most beautiful woman in the tribe and stated he wanted to spend his last moments making love to her. The tribe agreed and after his time was up he was killed in the order the chief said. The second man stood up and pointed to the second most beautiful woman in the tribe and stated that he also wanted his last moments to be with her, but that he also wanted the tribe to treat him like a king and spoil him until his death. The tribe once again agreed and when it was all over they killed him. The last man stood up to give his dying wish, he requested the biggest fork that the tribe had. Confused that the man didn't wish for a woman the tribe agrees and handed him a fork. The man stood for a bit with the tribe watching him and them began to stab himself repeatedly all over his body while screaming "fuck you all! And fuck your boat!!"
What's a Mexican's favorite candy bar? A payday
Christmas gift What did the kid with no arms or legs get for Christmas? Cancer.
Use Definitely In a Sentence... Teacher asks Little Johnny to use the word 'definitely' in a sentence Little Johnny replies, "Teacher, do farts have lumps in them?" The Teacher says, "Of course not Johnny," To which Johnny replies, "Then I have definitely shit my pants..."
What do men and public toilets have in common? All the good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit. *this is a response to an earlier joke comparing women to parking spots*
I convert some jokes from front page to Latvian joke. You no laugh? Is because sad. * [My sex life like my shopping!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/14sloo/my_sex_life_is_exactly_like_my_shopping/) My wife dead, and have no potato. * [Old woman tired of life and want commit suicide.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/14s5lx/an_old_lady_was_tired_of_her_hard_life_and_wanted/) Has felt this way since she was little girl. * [Three men go to hell.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/14rbxz/3_men_go_to_hell/) One is put in room with many potato for punish. After one thousand years, no more potatoes, man weep. Potatoes stolen by soldier. Other man put in room with many women for rape. After one thousand years, man weep. Women die of malnutrition. Other man put in room with no women and no potato. After one thousand years, man weep. Is just like Latvia. * [Man walks into bar with gun](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/14sce5/a_man_walks_into_a_bar_with_a_gun/). Yells "who rape my wife?" Man in back yells "I did, for I am soldier. Give me your potato."
What do you call a Greek Magician? Abra Kebabra
Jokes to play with someone's car Not sure if this is the right subreddit, but story time. Yesterday, my friend and I were driving to a party (I was following him in my car). At a stoplight, I got the idea to get out of my car and flip his window wipers up. It worked exactly as I planned. He turned them on in an attempt to fix it, but he ended up getting out at the next stoplight and fixing it. Since then, I've been thinking of other things to do to his car (doesn't have to be at a stoplight, as long as it has to do with his car), but I've been drawing blanks. Any ideas would be appreciated. EDIT: Nothing that would damage the car, I don't want to be a dick. I just want to inconvenience him.
What's the difference between a 4 year old and a bag of cocaine? Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window. Too soon?
A guy walks into a bar with his pet alligator... He puts the gator up on the bar, and faces the patrons. "If I open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals inside, leave them there for five minutes, then remove my unit unscathed, will each of you buy me a drink?" The crowd mumurs its approval, so he gets up on the bar, drops his pants, and places his privates in the alligators open mouth. The gator then closes its mouth as the crowd gasps. After five minutes, the man grabs a beer bottle and raps the alligator hard on the top of its head. The gator opens its mouth and the man removes his genitals unscathed, as promised. The crowd cheers, and the first of his free drinks is delivered. "Anyone else have the guts to give it a try?" the man dares the crowd. After a few seconds a blonde woman timidly speaks up. "I'll do it, but no hitting me on the head with the bottle."
A Blond a Brunet and a Redhead all go hunting... When they get to the camp site, they set up their tents and the brunet immediately goes into the woods with her gun. A few hours later, well past dark she comes back to camp with a huge 8 point deer. The Redhead and the Blonde are very impressed and ask her how she managed to kill it. "I followed the tracks, and I got the deer" was her answer. After breakfast the following morning the Redhead went out hunting. After about half the day she comes back dragging a giant bear. The Brunet and the Blond are astounded and ask how she was able to kill the bear. The Redhead answers, "Well, I just followed the tracks, and I got myself a bear!". That evening after an early dinner the Blond goes out into the woods hunting. The following morning she drags herself into the camp all bloody and mangled. The Brunet's and the Redhead's eyes go wide and they ask her "WHAT HAPPENED!?!?". The Blond replies in a faint voice, "I followed the tracks...and I got hit by a train".
I rode a horse today. In other words, I had sex with Sara Jessica Parker
Another classic Dutch Bakerjoke * A dog walks into a bakery * Baker: How can I help you? * Dog: Woof! * Baker: Anything else? * Dog: Bark! * Baker: That'll be 12 Euro's. Do you want a receipt? * Dog: No.
Two peanuts... (a new take on a classic) Two peanuts were walking down a dark alley. . One was assaulted. . The other was a'roasted. . What a horrible friend. Getting baked? A mugging is no time to smoke a joint.
African Roulette Four men are captured by a tribe in the middle of Africa. The tribe leader gives them the choice of either death, or they can try their luck at "African Roulette." The men, as one of the choices seemingly had a chance to stay alive, hastily all chose the second option. The tribe leader lined up 6 extremely gorgeous women in front of the men, and said "You must choose one of these beautiful women to preform oral sex on you." The men saw nothing wrong with this and were ecstatic at their luck, yet confused about the "roulette" part. As they chose their women and were getting ready, the tribe leader spoke up and said, "One of them is a cannibal."
Why shouldn't white people swim? Crackers get soggy when wet.
A new doctor goes to work for a year in Cambodia, where people still get maimed from landmines left over from the Vietnam War era In his very first day in the hospital, the doctor sees a young girl in the post-operation area. She is crying, and in a panic, she says to him, "Doctor, I can't feel my legs!" He looks down at the young girl, and in his best bedside manner, tells her, "That's because the doctors had to amputate your arms."
What do you call an impatient skin infection? *Rash*
A man is sitting at a bar A man was sitting at a relatively empty bar on the 40th floor of a New York skyscraper after a long day at his office on the same floor. While he is enjoying his drink a man walks in and sits at the seat next to him. The man was confused for a second but then he went back to his drink. Then the man sitting next to him exclaims "Bartender! Give me a nice cold beer!" The bartender gives the man his drink, he pounds it and then jumps out of a window. The man at the bar is shocked and has no words. Then, seconds later, the man who jumped out the window walks back through the door and sits next to the man. The first man is confused and wants to ask this man what just happened, but before he gets the chance the man orders a beer in the same fashion as before and hurls himself out the window as before. The man turns to the door and waits a few seconds until the man walks through as before and sits at the same seat as before. The man finally asks "how do you keep on throwing yourself out the window and then walk through that door?" The man orders a beer and looks over at the first man and says, motioning to his beer, "the bubbles in the beer make me float down safely then I sprint back up the stairs. You try it it's fun!" The man felt there was some flawed logic somewhere in there but he witnessed it happened so he ordered a beer, pounded it and jumped out the window to his death. The bartender and the man walk over and look out the window, then the bartender turns to the man and say, "god superman, you're an asshole when you're drunk."
A Polish man wanted to show his wife that he could do housework, too... The phone rang, and instead of answering the phone, he answered the iron and burned his face. The punchline: this actually happened. http://web.orange.co.uk/article/quirkies/Man_ironed_face_when_phone_rang (xpost from /r/newsofthestupid)
HORRIBLE joke time!! So I finally gathered up the courage to ask this girl out, but when I did, she turned me down. I asked her, "Hey, why not?". She said, "Well, because I found out you're a pedophile." I was like, "A pedophile? A pedophile? That's a pretty big word for a 10 year-old."
I hate the French They give me the Crepes
So my friend asked me if I wanted some Sodium Hypobromite... and I was like, NaBrO
A Watermelon's Proposal The watermelon asks his girlfriend, "Honeydew you want to get married?" The girlfriend says, "Oh yes! But we cantaloupe." This idea was sparked by [this original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/14reag/what_did_the_melon_tell_her_boyfriend_when_he/) by /u/eddiesuarez.
What did the salt say to the pepper? Season's greetings!
How do you stop an Italian from talking? Tie his hands together
What comes between fear and sex? Funf.
Jesus saves! Because he shops at Walmart
Another another Dutch bakerjoke * A Giraffe walks into a bakery. * Butcher: Hi * Giraffe: Yes * Butcher: Yes what? * Giraffe: Yes Baker * Butcher: I'm no baker - Giraffe: It says so at the beginning of the joke... - Baker: Damn
A boy and his mother are watching TV There are a lot of guns being fired in the show. So after the show is over the kid has the gun shots in his mind, and keeps repeating "BANG BANG BANG", "BANG BANG BANG"... This continues throughout the day. By the evening the mother is really tired and out of anger tells the boy "Be Silent". So the boy starts "ANG ANG ANG", "ANG ANG ANG"..
Can I ask you something?
A school kid had a very sad look ... ... So classmates ask him what was wrong. He replies that his grandfather was killed in the fire the night before. "What a horror is to be burnt to death!" "No he wasn't really burnt. He jumped out of the window.", kid says. "So he dropped to death?" "In fact there were firemen with a trampoline. Grandpa jumped on it then bounced back to the same spot" "So?..." "Then he jumped one more time and bounced back to the same spot again" "So what happened to your grandfather?!?!" "He jumped out seven times in a row when firemen got pissed off and shot him down"
Girls are always the first to say "YOLO" Until I mention anal
Doesn't work that way When I was young I used to pray for a bike, then I realized that God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness. [more jokes](http://djgreetings.com/jokes.aspx)
Did you know; one hamburger only contains 4% of our daily need of vitamine -B This means we need to eat way more hamburgers!
I don't know guys what is your problem with black people, they are wonderful human beings... ... When I was a boy there were plenty of them and we all were good friends and had so much fun until my father put them up for sale
I went to the bar with my 21 year old girlfriend... They called me a pedophile because I was 42. That totally ruined our 10 year anniversary.
research for vaseline A man doing market research knocked on a door and was greeted by a young woman with three small children running around at her feet. He says, "I'm doing research for Vaseline. Have you ever used the product?" She says, "Yes. My husband and I use it all the time." "And if you don't mind me asking, what do you use it for?" "We use it for sex." The researcher was a little taken back. "Usually people lie to me and say that they use it on a child's bicycle chain or to help with a gate hinge. But, in fact, I know that most people do use it for sex. I admire you for your honesty. Since you've been frank so far, can you tell me exactly how you use it for sex? The woman says, "I don't mind telling you at all, my husband and I put it on the bedroom door knob and it keeps the kids out."
There were a few sandwiches sitting on the table... Although they were quite small, they looked absolutely titillating. The sign near them said they were free, so why not? I grabbed a roast beef one, bit into it, and suddenly I heard a little voice telling me how good I looked, and how well I was dressed. I shortly realized it was coming from the sandwich. Confused, I grabbed another sandwich, this time ham and cheese. Same thing. It was telling me how nice I smell and how my hair is very well styled. Although very nice to hear, I was dumbfound. After all, how can a sandwich talk? Whatever. I then noticed another tray of sandwhiches...but kind of out of view. I walked over and man...these looked like the best things ever made. I picked one up, but the moment I laid hands on it, it started cursing at me, called me ugly, fat, etc. Taken aback, I tossed the sandwich down and went to one of the caterers. "What is wrong with these sandwiches? The first two I had were very nice and friendly...but the third was very rude and disrespectful..." The caterer responded, "Oh, only the first two trays were complimenttray..."
Radio contest A CORK radio station was running a competition. Words that weren't in the dictionary, yet could still be used to form correct and logical sentences. The prize was a trip to Bali. The DJ got a call: "96FM here, what is your name?" - "Hi, me name's Dave." - "Hey Dave, what is your word?" Dave replied: "Goan. Spelt G-O-A-N. Pronounced 'go-an'". The DJ looked up the word, and sure, it wasn't in the dictionary. "You're correct Dave, the word 'goan' does not appear in the dictionary. Now, for a trip to Bali, in what sentence can you use that word in that would make sense?" Dave promptly replied: "Goan fuck yourself!". The DJ quickly cut off the call, and apologized to his listeners. He went ahead and took other calls, but none of them were successful. At one point, he got another call which was quite promising. "96FM here, what is your name sir?" - The caller calmly replied: "Hello, me name's Jeff." - "So Jeff, what's the word you came up with?". Jeff waited a second, and then replied: "Smee. Spelt S-M-E-E. Pronounced 'smee'." The DJ, again, looked up the word, but of course, it didn't appear in the dictionary. "You are absolutely correct Jeff, smee is not a word in the dictionary. Tell me, what sentence have you come up with so that it can be used whilst still making sense?" Jeff swiftly came with the answer: "Smee again, goan fuck yourself!"
I need new jokes to write in people's birthday cards. The one I've been using for years is getting pretty stale: "Happy Bird Day!" Then I draw a bird. Thanks /r/jokes!
I told my doctor my penis was burning... To which he replied, "That just means someone is talking about it."
The Urinalysis One day, in line at the company cafeteria, Jack says to Mike behind him, "My elbow hurts like hell. I guess I better see a doctor." "Listen, you don't have to spend that kind of money," Mike replies. "There's a diagnostic computer at the drugstore at the corner. Just give it a urine sample and the computer'll tell you what's wrong and what to do about it. It takes ten seconds and costs ten dollars...a hell of a lot cheaper than a doctor." So Jack deposits a urine sample in a small jar and takes it to the drugstore. He deposits ten dollars, and the computer lights up and asks for the urine sample. He pours the sample into the slot and waits. Ten seconds later, the computer ejects a printout: You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water and avoid heavy activity. It will improve in two weeks. That evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was, Jack began wondering if the computer could be fooled. He mixed some tap water, a stool sample from his dog, urine samples from his wife and daughter, and masturbated into the mixture for good measure. Jack hurries back to the drugstore, eager to check the results. He deposits ten dollars, pours in his concoction, and awaits the results. The computer prints the following: 1. Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener. 2. Your dog has ringworm. Bathe him with anti-fungal shampoo. 3. Your daughter has a cocaine habit. Get her into rehab. 4. Your wife is pregnant...twin girls. They aren't yours. Get a lawyer. 5. If you don't stop playing with yourself, your elbow will never get better.
hey you got a sec? next time someone asks you if you got a sec, you must simply reply" no i have lots of secs"
Self Protection with heavy Flirt :- . . . . . Teacher :- Why are u sleeping in the class ? . . Student :- Your voice is so sweet thats why i am getting sleep . . . Teacher : - Then why other students are not sleeping ? . . Student :- They aren't listening to u mam ...........
so a blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are stuck on a burning building... and the fire department comes. now these are mean firefighters so the hold out a trampoline and tell the redhead to jump. at the last second they pull it away and she dies from the fall. the same thing happens to the brunette and when they tell the blonde to jump she says "no! i know what you've been doing!". the firefighters tell her she is going to die if she doesn't jump so she says " ok just set the trampoline down nice and slow and back away.
Pickle slicer A guy comes home from his job at the pickle factory, and his wife can tell he's got something on his mind. She sits him down and says, "Honey, you seem upset and not yourself. Is there something wrong at work? You can talk to me." He lets out a long sigh, and says, "This is hard for me to say, and I know you won't understand, but I have this overwhelming urge to stick my dick in the pickle slicer at work. I can't stop thinking about it, and I'm worried that sooner or later I'm going to do it." Taken aback, his wife pauses for a moment and says, "Ok, wow. I wasn't expecting that. Of course you know that that would be a really terrible idea, right?" He agrees, the talk a little more and after a while, they let the matter slide. A few days later, he comes home from work in the middle of the afternoon. From his face, she can tell something bad has happened and she asks, "What happened? Why are you home so early?" He sheepishly looks at her and says, "I can't believe it, but I finally gave into the temptation, and I stuck my dick in the pickle slicer." Gasping, she asks, "So what happened?!" "I got fired." "No, I mean what happened with the pickle slicer." "She got fired too."
Women and Refrigerators What do a woman and a refrigerator have in common? They both leak when they're fucked. So what is the difference between a refrigerator and a woman? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the cucumber out.
Why was the orphan so successful? When they told him "go big or go home", he only had one option.
To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great subway sandwiches.
You know what really grinds my gears? People who can't drive manual.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
What do you call a white girl with a yeast infection? A cracker with cheese.
Nearly Christmas... PEOPLE say that every dog has its day. How right they are. We got a dog for Christmas, got bored with it and had it put down on Boxing Day.
your mother's so dumb... ... she thinks asphalt is a disease, and asbestos is the cure.
Soon be Christmas... WHO SAYS doing Christmas shopping early avoids the crush? Last year, I did mine a full 12 months in advance, and the shops were just as busy as ever.
Yo mama jokes Yo mama so stupid that when saw a bus full of white kids she said "Stop that twinkie!!". Yo mama so dumb that she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth. Yo mama so stupid that when she heard that there was a serial killer on the loose, she hid all of her cherios. Yo mama so fat that when she sat down on the toilet, it said "ABCDEFG get your fat ass off of me". Yo mama so stupid that she brought a spoon to the superbowl. Yo mama so stupid that she got hit by a car that was parked. Yo mama so fat, that when she went to the movies, she sat next to everyone. Yo mama so fat thaf when she walked by the tv, I missed a marathon of Christmas movies. Yo mama so fat, that when she was in the road and I tried to drive around her, I ran out of gas, and I was on a full tank. Now, Let me hear YO yo mama Jokes!
How do you start a rave in Africa? Glue toast to the ceiling
The bride asks her husband... The bride asks her husband, "Honey, you know I'm a virgin and I don't know anything about sex. Can you explain it to me first?" "OK, Sweetheart. Putting it simply, we will call your private place 'the prison' and call my private thing 'the prisoner'. So what we do is: put the prisoner in the prison. And then they made love for the first time. Afterwards, the guy is lying face up on the bed, smiling with satisfaction. Nudging him, his bride giggles, "Honey the prisoner seems to have escaped." Turning on his side, he smiles. "Then we will have to re-imprison him." After the second time they spent, the guy reaches for his cigarettes but the girl, thoroughly enjoying the new experience of making love, gives him a suggestive smile, "Honey, the prisoner is out again!" The man rises to the occasion, but with the unsteady legs of a recently born foal. Afterwards, he lays back on the bed, totally exhausted. She nudges him and says, "Honey, the prisoner escaped again." Limply turning his head, He YELLS at her, "Hey, its not a life sentence, OKAY!
A man is hitch hiking on a highway When a man driving a hearse pulls up, "I got room in the back if you want to hop in." The driver says. "That's a kind offer, but no thanks." Replies the hitch hiker, "I'm not going that far today."
A librarian is working away at her desk when she notices.... A librarian is working away at her desk when she notices that a chicken has come into the library and is patiently waiting in front of the desk. When the chicken sees that it has the librarian's attention, it squawks, "Book, book, book, BOOK!" The librarian complies, putting a couple of books down in front of the chicken. The chicken quickly grabs them and disappears. The next day, the librarian is again disturbed by the same chicken, who puts the previous day's pile of books down on the desk and again squawks, "Book, book, book, BOOK!" The librarian shakes her head, wondering what the chicken is doing with these books, but eventually finds some more books for the chicken. The chicken disappears. The next day, the librarian is once again disturbed by the chicken, who squawks (in a rather irritated fashioon, it seems), "Book, book, book, BOOK!" By now, the librarian's curiosity has gotten the better of her, so she gets a pile of books for the chicken, and follows the bird when it leaves the library. She follows it through the parking lot, down the street for several blocks, and finally into a large park. The chicken disappears into a small grove of trees, and the librarian follows. On the other side of the trees is a small marsh. The chicken has stopped on the side of the marsh. The librarian, now really curious, hurries over and sees that there is a small frog next to the chicken, examining each book, one at a time. The librarian comes within earshot just in time to hear the frog saying, read it read it.
Did you guys hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
What body of water is used for writing? The Apostrosea.
What did the dolphin say when he got in trouble? "I didn't do it on Porpoise!!"
The waiting list for the WiiU.... Just got shorter in Conneticut
The birds and the bees... A mother is in the kitchen making dinner for her family when her daughter walks in. "Mother, where do babies come from?" The mother thinks for a few seconds and says, "Well dear, Mommy and Daddy fall in love and get married. One night they go into their bedroom, they kiss and hug and have sex." The daughter looks puzzled so the mother continues, "That means the daddy puts his penis in the mommy's vagina. That's how you get a baby, honey." The child seems to comprehend. "Oh, I see, but the other night when I came into your room you had daddy's penis in your mouth. What do you get when you do that?" "Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry."
Some Ethiopian jokes... How do you kill 100 flies in 10 seconds? Slap an ethiopian in the face. What's the best part about getting head form an ethiopian? SHe always swallows Have you ever tasted ethiopian food? Neither have they. What's positive about ethiopians? HIV. How many ethiopians can you fit in a phone booth? All of them.
A blind man walks into a bar and asks, "You all wanna hear a blonde joke?" The female bartender responds, "Let me stop you right there. I'm a blonde. The big bouncer at the door is a blonde. There's a biker chick sitting next to you, who is also a blonde. The singer on the stage, the manager of the bar, and two of the people at the table behind you are all blondes. Now think, do you REALLY want to tell that joke here? "Nah," the man sighs, "not if I'm gonna have to explain it 7 times."
It's so slow It was probably around around 2005 when this happened. A couple who had just recently been married took their one week honeymoon to the Bahamas. They visited Aruba, the beaches, all that fun stuff down there. When they came home they went to unlock the door only to discover it was unlocked already. "Well that was wierd...", they thought. They did not have any pets and neither set of parents had any reason to go into their home while they were away without at least calling. So the pair put down their bags and the two entered the house in the side by side fashion to prevent from being snuck up on. They went through every room in the house except for the one all the way at the end; their living room. The house was totally empty and from what they could tell nothing had been moved or taken. When they finally got to the living room they immediately noticed something 'off'. Their computer, which normally rested ontop of a desk in the back corner, had been moved right to the middle of the floor. Smack dab in the center of the carpet it sat, ontop of the laying down tower, and a soft hum came from it; the computer was on. The wife looked at her husband with curiosity and she walked forward to turn on the monitor. First she knelt, then she pushed the button, and a moment after the light of the monitor illuminated her face, she screamed. A loud, blood curdling shriek. She fell sideways to the floor, fingernails clawing at her cheeks, and she entered the fetal position. The newly wed man rushed forward to his wife's side only to discover what his wife had seen. The computer's screen was different...there were these strange logos on it. This was not how they had left it. He clicked the start menu and there was the terror his wife had seen. The words were barely audible, his tone that of pure horror, as he whispered, "Windows 97..." The final sentence spoken of the event was the woman on the floor screaming, "IT'S SO SLOW!"
Did you know unicorns exist? Yeah man. You didn't know? They're short and fat, and people call them rhinos.
The pope walks into a Mosque A Muslim looks up and asks "Why the wrong faith?"
My daughter has reached that age where she is asking embarrassing questions about sex. Just this morning she said "is that the best you can do?".
A young woman is about to get married... She says to her mom, "I need you to teach me everything I need to know to make my husband happy." The mom gets really embarrassed and starts, "Well, sweetie, when a man and a woman are in love, they sometimes what to be physically close to each other..." The young woman cuts her off. "Mom, I already know how to fuck. I need you to teach me how to make lasagna."
What happened when the shoe factory burned down? 500 soles were lost.
A gentleman is ... a man who gets out of the shower to take a pee
Why did you cut me down, lumberjack? Lumberjack: Oh, you really don't know why? Tree: Sorry, I'm stumped.
A Russian family moves to America... ...but they can't pay their rent, so the husband says to his wife, "You must go out and sell your body." The wife does and comes back two hours later. The husband asks, "How much did you make?" The wife replies, "50 dollars and 10 cents." The husband asks out of curiosity, "Who gave you the ten cents?" The wife says, "They ALL did."
I gave a paraplegic a Rubik's cube... Left him completely stumped.
Coming out of the closet would be a lot easier... if my wardrobe wasn't so fabulous!
Whats the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick in your mouth.
How many potatoes does it take to kill the Irish? None
What is the difference Between a santa and a jew? Santa enters the chimney and jew leaves the chimney.
A man goes to the doctor and says, "I need some birth-control for my daughter." "How old is your daughter?" the doctor asks. "12" "And she's sexually active!?!" "No. She just fucking lays there and cries."
What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter? pumpkin pi
I'm writing a virus that puts your top porn search as your facebook status It will forever change history.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATHE!!!
People in glass houses, shouldn't throw stones... They should use them to build proper houses.
A man entered a bar A man entered in a bar holding a gun and said "who the fuck had sex with my wife?" a voice was heard from the back "you don't have enough bullets mate"
Ambulance game a boy said to a girl "lets play the ambulance game" girl asked "how do u play that?" the boy said "i run my fingers up your legs and you say red light when you want me to stop" girl "OK" after sometime girl screams red light red light ahh ahh red light boy "ambulance doesn't stop at red light stupid"
A collection of jokes I had saved on my PC. Hope you guys enjoy. Airman Jones was assigned to the induction center, where he advised new recruits about their government benefits, especially their GI insurance. It wasn't long before Captain Smith noticed that Airman Jones had almost a 100% record for insurance sales, which had never happened before. Rather than ask about this, the Captain stood in the back of the room and listened to Jones's sales pitch. Jones explained the basics of the GI Insurance to the new recruits, and then said: "If you have GI Insurance and go into battle and are killed, the government has to pay $200,000 to your beneficiaries. If you don't have GI insurance, and you go into battle and get killed, the government only has to pay a maximum of $6000." "Now," he concluded, "which bunch do you think they are going to send into battle first?" --- Russian President Putin called President George W. Bush with an emergency: "Our largest condom factory has exploded," the Russian President cried. "My people's favorite form of birth control. This is a true disaster!" "Mr. Putin, the American people would be happy to do anything within their power to help you," replied the President. "I do need your help" said Putin. "Could you possibly send 1,000,000 condoms as soon as possible to tide us over?" "Why certainly! I'll get right on it,"said Bush. "Oh, and one more small favor, please?" said Putin. "Yes?" "Could the condoms be red in color and at least 10" long and 4" in diameter?" said Putin. "No problem," replied the President. Mr. Putin hung up and started laughing with his aides about how those stupid Americans will fall for anything. George hung up and called the President of a condom company. "I need a favor, you've got to send 1,000,000 condoms right away over to Russia." "Consider it done," said the president of the condom company. "Great! Now listen, they have to be red in color, 10" long and 4" wide." "Easily done. Anything else?" "Yeah," said the President, "print 'Made in America, size small' on each one!" --- A mother and her young son were flying Southwest Airlines from Kansas City to Chicago. The son turned from the window to his mother and asked, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" The mother said, "Well, maybe that's something you could ask the stewardess." So the boy asked the stewardess, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" The stewardess responded, "Did your mother tell you to ask me?" The boy admitted that this was the case. "Well, then, tell your mother that there are no baby planes because Southwest always pulls out on time. You can ask your mother to explain it to you." --- Sixth grade science teacher Mrs. Samson asks her class: "Who can tell me which organ of the human body expands to 10 times its usual size when stimulated?" Nobody raises a hand, so she calls on the first student to look her way. "Mary, can you tell me which organ of the human body expands to 10 times its usual size when stimulated?" Mary stands up, blushing furiously. "How dare you ask such a question?" she says. "I'm going to complain to my parents, who will complain to the principal, who will have you fired!" Mrs. Sampson is shocked by Mary's reaction, but undaunted. She asks the class the question again, and this time Sam raises his hand. Yes, Sam?" says Mrs. Sampson. "Ma'am, the correct answer is the iris of the human eye." "Very good, Sam. Thank you." Mrs. Sampson then turns to Mary and says, "Mary, I have 3 things to tell you: first, it's clear that you have not done your homework. Second, you have a dirty mind. And third, I fear one day you are going to be sadly disappointed." --- It was the mailman's last day on the job after 35 years of carrying the mail through all kinds of weather to the same neighborhood. When he arrived at the first house on his route he was greeted by the whole family there, who congratulated him and sent him on his way with a big gift envelope. At the second house they presented him with a box of fine cigars. The folks at the third house handed him a selection of terrific fishing lures. At the fourth house he was met at the door by a strikingly beautiful woman in a revealing negligee. She took him by the hand, gently led him through the door (which she closed behind him), and led him up the stairs to the bedroom where she blew his mind with the most passionate love he had ever experienced. When he had had enough they went downstairs, where she fixed him a giant breakfast: eggs, potatoes, ham, sausage, blueberry waffles, and fresh-squeezed orange juice. When he was truly satisfied she poured him a cup of steaming coffee. As she was pouring, he noticed a dollar bill sticking out from under the cup's bottom edge. "All this was just too wonderful for words," he said, "but what's the dollar for?" "Well," she said, "last night, I told my husband that today would be your last day, and that we should do something special for you. I asked him what to give you." He said, "Screw him, give him a dollar." The lady then said, "The breakfast was my idea." --- A lady goes to her parish priest one day and tells him, "Father, I have a problem. I have two female parrots but they only know how to say one thing." "What do they say?" the priest inquired. "They say, 'Hi, we're prostitutes. Do you want to have some fun?'" the woman said embarrassingly. "That's obscene!" the priest exclaimed, "I can see why you are embarrassed." He thought a minute and then said, "You know, I may have a solution to this problem. I have two male parrots whom I have taught to pray and read the Bible. Bring your two parrots over to my house and we will put them in the cage with Francis and Job. My parrots can teach your parrots to praise and worship. I'm sure your parrots will stop saying that...that phrase in no time." "Thank you," the lady responded, "this may very well be the solution." The next day, she brought her female parrots to the priest's house. As he ushered her in, she saw his two male parrots were inside their cage, holding their rosary beads and praying. Impressed, she walked over and placed her parrots in with them. After just a couple of seconds, the female parrots exclaimed out in unison, "Hi, we're prostitutes. Do you want to have some fun?" There was a stunned silence. Finally, one male parrot looked over at the other male parrot and said, "Put the beads away, Francis, our prayers have been answered!" --- One fine day in Ireland, a guy is out golfing and gets up to the 16th hole. He tees up and cranks one. Unfortunately, it goes into the woods on the side of the fairway. He goes looking for his ball and comes across this little guy with this huge knot on his head, and the golf ball lying right beside him. "Goodness," says the golfer, and proceeds to revive the poor little guy. Upon awaking, the little guy says, "Well, you caught me fair and square. I am a leprechaun. I will grant you three wishes." The man says, "I can't take anything from you, I"m just glad I didn"t hurt you too badly," and walks away. Watching the golfer depart, the leprechaun thinks, "Well, he was a nice enough guy, and he did catch me, so I have to do something for him. I'll give him the three things that I would want. I'll give him unlimited money, a great golf game, and a great sex life." Well, a year goes past (as they often do in jokes like this) and the same golfer is out golfing on the same course at the 16th hole. He gets up and hits one into the same woods and goes off looking for his ball. When he finds the ball he sees the same little guy and asks how he is doing. The leprechaun says, "I'm fine, and might I ask how your golf game is?" The golfer says, "It's great! I hit under par every time." The leprechaun says, "I did that for you. And might I ask how your money is holding out?" The golfer says, "Well, now that you mention it, every time I put my hand in my pocket, I pull out a ten pound note." The leprechaun smiles and says, "I did that for you. And might I ask how your sex life is?" The golfer looks at him a little shyly and says, "Well, maybe once or twice a week." The leprechaun is floored and stammers, "Once or twice a week?!" The golfer, a little embarrassed, looks at him and says, "Well, that's not too bad for a Catholic priest in a small parish." --- Two lawyers walking through the woods spotted a vicious looking bear. The first lawyer immediately opened his briefcase, pulled out a pair of sneakers and started putting them on. The second lawyer looked at him and said, "You're crazy! You'll never be able to outrun that bear!" "I don't have to, " the first lawyer replied. "I only have to outrun you." --- Hung Chow calls in to work and says, "Hey, boss I not come work today, I really sick. I got headache, stomach ache and my legs hurt. I not come work." The boss says, "You know Hung Chow, I really need you today. When I feel like this I go to my wife and tell her give me sex. Makes everything better and I can go to work. You try." Two hours later Hung Chow calls again: "Boss, I do what you say and I feel great. I be at work soon. You got nice house." --- A fellow bought a new Corvette and was out on an interstate for a nice evening drive. The top was down, the breeze was blowing through what was left of his hair and he decided to open her up. As the needle jumped up to 80 mph he suddenly saw a flashing red and blue light behind him. "There ain't no way they can catch a Corvette," he thought to himself and opened her up further. The needle hit 90, 100, 130 and finally 150 with the light still behind him. "What the hell am I doing?" he thought and pulled over. The cop came up to him, took his license without a word and examined it and the car. "I've had a tough shift and this is my last pull over. I don't feel like more paperwork so if you can give me an excuse for your driving that I haven't heard before you can go!" "Last week my wife ran off with a cop," the man said, "and I was afraid you were trying to give her back!" "Off you go," said the officer. --- A driver is pulled over by a police man. Man: Is there a problem Officer? Officer: Sir, you were speeding. Man: Oh I see. Officer: Can I see your licence please? Man: I'd give it to you but I don't have one. Officer: Don't have one? Man: Lost it four times for drink driving. Officer: I see, can I see your vehicle registration papers please? Man: I can't do that. Officer: Why not? Man: I stole this car. Officer: Stole it? Man: Yes, and I raped and killed the owner. Officer: You what? Man: She's in the boot if you want to see. The Officer looks at the man and slowly backs away to his car and calls for back up. Within minutes five police cars circle the car. A senior officer slowly approaches the car, clasping his half drawn gun. Officer #2: Sir, could you step out of your vehicle please! The man steps out of his vehicle. Man: Is there a problem sir? Officer #2: One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner. Man: Murdered the owner? Officer #2: Yes, could you please open the boot of your car please. The man opens the boot, revealing nothing but an empty boot. Officer #2: Is this your car sir? Man: Yes, here are the registration papers. The officer is quite stunned. Officer #2: One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving licence. The man digs in his pocket revealing a wallet and hands it to the officer. The officer opens the wallet and examines the licence. He looks quite puzzled. Officer #2: Thank you sir, one of my officers told me you didn't have a licence, stole this car, raped and murdered the owner. Man: I bet you the lying bastard told you I was speeding, too. --- An exhausted hunter out in the woods stumbled across another hunter. Hunter #1: "Am I glad to see you, I've been lost for three days." Hunter #2: "Don't get too excited, friend, I've been lost for three weeks." --- After a 2 year study, the National Science Foundation announced the following results on America's ball-related recreational preferences: 1. The sport of choice for unemployed or incarcerated people is basketball. 2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is bowling. 3. The sport of choice for blue-collar workers is football. 4. The sport of choice for supervisors is baseball. 5. The sport of choice for middle management is tennis. 6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is golf. Conclusion: The higher you rise in the corporate structure, the smaller your balls become. --- An old guy in his Volvo is driving home from work when his wife rings him on his carphone. "Honey", she says in a worried voice, "be careful. There was a bit on the news just now, some lunatic is driving the wrong way down the freeway". "It's worse than that", he replies, "there are hundreds of them!" --- Little Johnny is constantly late for school and what's worse is that he always has a big lie explaining why. The teacher tells the principal that she has had it with his exaggerations. The principal tells her to send Johnny to him the next time he shows up late. He will tell Johnny a lie so big that he will never tell another one. Ever. The next day, Johnny shows up two hours late. Johnny says, "I was two hours early today so I had time to fish in the pond on my way to school. I caught a 17-pound trout and had to take it home. If I didn't clean it and freeze it, my mom would've been angry. That's why I'm so late". The teacher promptly takes him to the principal's office and explains the story to the principal. The principal tells Johnny about his own trip to school that day. He says, "I was walking to school through the park on the trail today when I heard something behind me. I turned around and was shocked to see a giant grizzly bear behind me. He was 24 feet tall and had 6-inch fangs. He was going to eat me, Johnny! Just then a little dog ran out from the bushes, jumped up and attacked the bear. The little dog killed the bear and then ate the whole bear right there in front of me. What do you think of that, Johnny?" Johnny replies, "Oh yeah, that's my dog Sparky. That's his third bear this week." --- A man decides to take the opportunity while his wife is away to paint the toilet seat. The wife comes home sooner than expected, sits, and gets the seat stuck to her rear. She is understandably distraught about this and asks her husband to drive her to the doctor. She puts on a large overcoat so as to cover the stuck seat, and they go. When they get to the doctor's, the man lifts his wife's coat to show their predicament. The man asks, "Doctor, have you ever seen anything like this before?" "Well, yes," the doctor replies, "but not framed like that." --- A student comes to a young professor's office hours. She glances down the hall, closes his door, kneels pleadingly. "I would do anything to pass this exam." She leans closer to him, flips back her hair, gazes meaningfully into his eyes. "I mean..." she whispers, "...I would do...anything!" He returns her gaze. "Anything?" "Yes, anything!" His voice turns to a whisper. "Would you...study?" --- Two old ladies are walking through a museum and got separated. When they ran into each other later the first old lady said to the second, "Oh my! Did you see that statue of the naked man back there?" The second old lady replied, "Yes! I was absolutely shocked! How can they display such a thing! My gosh the penis on it was so large!" Where upon the first old lady accidentally blurted out, "...Yeah, and cold, too!" --- A defendant was on trial for murder in Philadelphia. There was strong evidence indicating guilt, but there was no corpse. In the defense's closing statement the lawyer, knowing that his client would probably be convicted, resorted to a trick. "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I have a surprise for you all," the lawyer said as he looked at his watch. "Within one minute, the person presumed dead in this case will walk into this courtroom." He looked toward the courtroom door. The jurors, somewhat stunned, all looked on eagerly. A minute passed. Nothing happened. Finally the lawyer said, "Actually, I made up the previous statement. But you all looked on with anticipation. I, therefore, put it to you that there is reasonable doubt in this case as to whether anyone was killed and insist that you return a verdict of not guilty." The jury, clearly confused, retired to deliberate. A few minutes later, the jury returned and pronounced a verdict of guilty. "But how?" inquired the lawyer. "You must have had some doubt; I saw all of you stare at the door." Answered the jury foreman: "Oh, we did look. But your client didn't." --- A young woman, with a baby in her arms, entered a butcher shop and confronted the butcher with the news that the baby was his and asked what he was going to do about it? He said he'd offer to provide her with free meat until the boy was 16. She agreed. The butcher had been counting the years off on his calendar, and one day the teenager who had been collecting the meat each week, came into the shop and said, "I'll be 16 tomorrow." "I know," said the butcher with a smile, "I've been counting too, tell your mother, when you take this parcel of meat home, that it is the last free meat she'll get, and watch the expression on her face." When the boy arrived home he told his mother. The woman nodded and said, "Son, go back to the butcher and tell him I have also had free bread, free milk, and free groceries for the last 16 years and watch the expression on his face!" --- The young bride approached her awaiting husband on their wedding night and demanded $20 for their first love-making encounter. In his highly aroused state, he readily agreed. This scenario was repeated each time they made love for the next 30 years, him thinking it was a cute way for her to buy new clothes, etc. Arriving home around noon one day, she found her husband in a very drunken state. Over the next few minutes she heard of the ravages of financial ruin caused by corporate down sizing and it's effects on a 50 year old executive. Calmly, she handed him a bank book showing deposits and interest for 12 years totaling nearly $1 million dollars. Pointing across the parking lot she gestured toward the local bank while handing him stock certificates worth nearly $2 million dollars and informing him that he was the largest stockholder in the bank. She told him that for 30 years she had charged him each time they had sex , and this was the result of her investments. By now he was distraught and beating his head against the side of the car. She asked him why the disappointment at such good news and he replied, "If I had known what you were doing, I would have given you all of my business!" --- A wee guy was sitting at a bar staring at his drink for ages. Suddenly, a big biker came along, snatched his glass, guzzled down the contents and laughed, "Hah! So what you gonna do about that, little man?" "Nothing," sighed the little guy despondently. "You see, today has been the worst day of my life. This morning I overslept and was late for an important meeting. My boss was furious and so he sacked me. I cleared my desk, went to my car, only to discover that it wasn't there - somebody had stolen it. So I got a taxi home, but when it came to paying the driver I realised I'd forgotten my wallet. I then had to go into my house but I found my wife in bed with the gardener. So I left home and came to this bar. And just when I was thinking about ending it all, you came along and drank my poison..." --- A little boy walks into his parents' room to see his mom on top of his dad bouncing up and down. The mom sees her son and quickly dismounts, worried about what her son has seen. She dresses quickly and goes to find him. The son sees his mom and asks, "What were you and Dad doing?" The mother replies, "Well you know your dad has a big tummy and sometimes I have to get on top of it to help flatten it." "You're wasting your time," said the boy. "Why is that?" asked his mom, puzzled. "Well when you go shopping the lady next door comes over and gets on her knees and blows it right back up." --- First Time ================ The sky was dark The moon was high All alone just she and I Her hair was soft Her eyes were blue I knew just what She wanted to do Her skin so soft Her legs so fine I ran my fingers Down her spine I didn't know how But I tried my best I started by placing My hands on her breast I remember my fear My fast beating heart But slowly she spread Her legs apart And when I did it I felt no shame All at once The white stuff came At last it's finished It's all over now My first time ever At milking a cow... --- A couple who drove their car to K-Mart only to have their car breakdown in the parking lot. The man told his wife to carry on with the shopping while he fixed the car. The wife returned later to see a small group of people near the car. On closer inspection she saw a pair of male legs protruding from under the chassis. Although the man was in shorts, his lack of underpants turned private parts into glaringly public ones. Unable to stand the embarrassment she dutifully stepped forward and tucked everything back into place. On regaining her feet she looked across the hood and found herself staring at her husband who was standing idly by. The mechanic, however, had to have three stitches in his head. --- A golfer stands over his tee shot for what seems an eternity to his partner. He looks up, looks down, measures the distance and figures the wind direction and speed. The longer he takes, the more his partner fidgets. Finally his exasperated partner says, "What's taking so long? Hit the blasted ball." The guy answers, "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse. I want to make this a perfect shot." "Forget it, man," the partner says. "You'll never hit her from here." --- The Mafia was looking for a new man to make weekly collections from all the private businesses that they were "protecting." Feeling the heat from the police force, they decide to use a deaf and dumb person for this job. If he were to get caught, he wouldn't be able to communicate to the police what he was doing. On his first week, the collector picks up over $40,000. He gets greedy, decides to keep the money and stashes it in a safe place. The Mafia soon realizes that their collection is late, and sends some of their hoods after the deaf and dumb collector. The hoods find the collector and ask him where the money is. The deaf and dumb collector can't communicate with them, so the Mafia drags the guy to an interpreter. The Mafia hood says to the interpreter, "Ask him where da money is." The interpreter signs, "Where's the money?" The dumb man signs back, "I don't know what you're talking about." The interpreter tells the hood, "He says he doesn't know what you're talking about." The hood pulls out a .38 and places it in the ear of the dumb collector. "Now ask him where the money is!" The interpreter signs, "Where is the money? The deaf man signs back, "The $40,000 is in a tree stump in Central Park." The interpreter says to the hood, "He says he still doesn't know what you're talking about, and doesn't think you have the balls to pull the trigger." --- So, Donald Rumsfeld is briefing George Bush in the Oval Office. "Oh and finally, sir, three Brazilian soldiers were killed in Iraq today." Bush goes pale, his jaw hanging open in stunned disbelief. He buries his face in his hands, muttering "My God...My God". "Mr. President," says Cheney, "we lose soldiers all the time, and it's terrible. But I've never seen you so upset. What's the matter?" Bush looks up and says..."How many is a Brazilian?" --- A trucker who has been out on the road for two weeks stops at a brothel outside Atlanta. He walks straight up to the Madam, drops down $500 and says, "I want your ugliest woman and a grilled cheese sandwich!" The Madam is astonished. "But sir, for that kind of money you could have one of my finest ladies and a three-course meal." The trucker replies, "Listen Darlin, I ain't horny. I'm homesick." --- A woman walks into a restaurant and sits down. As she bends down to reach into her purse for her wallet, she farts loudly with the waiter right behind her. She sits abruptly back up, glares at the waiter and shouts "Stop that!" To which the waiter replies, "Sure, which way did it go?"
Laziness father to his adopted son: "what is the limit of laziness?" son: "having an adopted son"
Why are there no mexican in the olympics? Because any Mexican that can run, jump or swim is in america!
What do you call it when a brunette dyes her hair blonde? Brainwashing.
Cleaning out the aviary at a run-down zoo... ...a zookeeper finds two finches which have dropped dead from old age. He puts them in a sack for cleanup and proceeds to the monkey cage. In the monkey cage he discovers two of the oldest chimps have also kicked the bucket. Not wanting them to go to waste, he puts them in the sack with the finches and later tips them in the lion's cage at feeding time. "Bloody hell," roars the lion upon seeing his meal, "Not finch and chimps again." [Edit: formatting]
A bear and a rabbit So a bear is chasing a rabbit through the woods one day. Just as the bear was about to get the rabbit, they stumble over a lamp, and a genie pops out. They genie tells them that since they both found him, they both get three wishes. He asks the bear for his first wish. "I want to be the most handsome bear in the world." The genie nods his head, and the wish was granted. He turns to the rabbit. "I would like a helmet." The genie nods, and a small rabbit-sized helmet appears on his head. "I wish that only the most beautiful women bears lived in these woods.", said the bear, and with a nod of the genie's head, it was granted. "I would like a motorcycle." says the rabbit, and a rabbit-sized motor cycle appears next to him. "For my final wish, I wish that there were no other male bears for hundred of miles of here." said the bear, smiling with the genius of his plan. The genie nods, the wish is granted, and he looks at the rabbit one last time. The rabbit hopped on his motorcycle, revved the engine, and said, "I wish the bear was gay." and drove off.
A pig pen elected its own leader . . . Polled pork.
Tom, Walter, and Mike are building a skyscraper... Suddenly a stiff wind blows through and catches Tom off guard. He falls to his death. Walter and Mike rush down to the street level where a crowd has gathered around Tom's body. "I suppose one of us should tell his wife", says Mike. Walter sighed. "Well, I used to give him a ride home. I know where he lived and I'm good a delivering bad news. I'll do it." So, Walter leaves Mike to help clean Tom off the sidewalk. About an hour later Walter comes back with a case of beer under his arm. Mike says, "Hey! Where'd you get that?" "Tom's wife gave it to me!" "What? Why?" "Well, when she answered the door, I asked her 'Are you Tom's widow?' She said "No, I'm not!' And I said "Bet you a case of beer you're wrong!'"
Michael J Fox You may not know this but Michael J Fox still has a very fruitful career in Hollywood, though now a days he's behind the camera. He's the guy they use to hold the camera for those shaky-cam action scenes.
A man and a clown (long but worth it(anti-joke joke)) As a child Sam was as happy as could be; playing with sticks, climbing trees, all that good shit. One day for his sixth birthday his parents decided to take him to the circus. Little Sam was so excited he could not stop bouncing in his seat in the car, nor could he stand still in line whilst his parents purchased their tickets. Sam and his parents find their seats and wait for the circus to commence(the waiting nearly killed Sam). Finally the circus starts; the trapeze artists were great, the lion tamers stunned, and finally towards the end of the show the clowns come out. This is what Sam has been waiting for all night (he loves to laugh). The clowns go through their usual routine; pies to the face, falling down, etc.. All of the clowns but one leave the center ring. This clown turns on a microphone he is given by the ring master and says, "Ladies and Gentleman! For your last laugh of the evening I will need a volunteer!" Little Sam, not knowing what this was all about, was the only one who did not raise his hand. The Clown makes a spectacle of choosing his volunteer, and finally the spot light lands on little Sam. He looks to his parents questioningly and they wave him down. After he makes his way down the aisle and into the center ring. The clown asks, "What is your name little boy?" "S-sam." he replies. "Well S-sam, are you the front end of a jack-ass?" "N-no?" "Well little Sam, are you the back end of a jack-ass?" "No." "Well you must be NO end of a jack-ass!" The crowd goes wild with laughter, rofl barely covers it. All the while this is happening little Sam is mortified to be laughed at by so many people and starts crying right there in the center ring which, much to his dismay, made everyone laugh all the harder. He makes his way back to his parents and they take him home all the way attempting to make him feel better. ---~10 Years Later--- Little Sam is no longer so little, he is now a Sophmore in high-school. Albeit a little awkward, tonight he is taking out a girl for their very first date. Now this girl not only is completely out of his league, but she is a very popular girl. He has done his research and found out that she is dying to go see the circus. On their way to the circus he is so excited he is almost bouncing in his seat, of course he doesn't because that would be completely uncool of him. As they are standing in line to get their tickets, he can hardly stand still, he is definitely hoping to get some hand holding action tonight! They take their seats and wait for the circus to commence (which nearly kills not so little Sam as he inches his hand ever closer to hers without making it obvious). Finally he touches his pinky finger to her pinky just as the lights go down and the circus starts, which also happens to be when everyone begins to applaud. He cannot truly enjoy circus because the entire time he is still trying to touch her hand. He can tell by her reactions the trapeze artists were great, the lion tamers stunned, the midget being shot out of a cannon was exhilarating. Finally the clowns come out. This is when Sam finally begins to pay attention, he is searching for a clown he has seen 10 years ago that scarred him. *NO SHIT!* - he thinks to himself - *THAT CAN'T BE THE SAME CLOWN!* (It was) The clowns do their usual routine, pies to the face, falling down on purpose, hitting other clowns over the head. Towards the end of the act all of the clown leave the center ring except one. *The same fucking clown, god damn-it!* The clown turns on a microphone that he is given from the ring master "Ladies and Gentlemen! For your last bit of comedy for the evening I will need a volunteer!" *Like hell I'm going to volunteer* Sam thinks to himself, yet in doing this he is the only person not raising his hand. The clown again makes a spectacle of choosing volunteer. Finally the spotlight stops on non so little Sam. Wide-eyed Sam looks over to his date and she has a brilliant smile on her face and urges him to go down after a quick kiss on the cheek. After this moment Sam is in a daze *my first kiss, oh my god, it was amazing*. The next thing he knows he is standing before the clown in the center ring. "What is your name young man?" *I hope its not the same lame ass joke* "My name is Sam." "Well Sam, are you the front end of a jack-ass?" *Really? Again?* Reluctantly Sam says, "No." "Well Sam, are you the back end of a jack-ass?" "Ugh No." "Well then Sam, you must be **NO** end of a jack-ass!" The crowd completely goes wild, rotflmfao barely covers it. He looks into the seats where he and his date were sitting and she is laughing just as hard as everyone else. For some reason that Sam cannot explain to this very day he broke down crying, this time in front of everyone and his date, which makes the crowd laugh even harder. This day Sam swears his revenge on this god-awful clown. ---~10 Years Later--- Big Sam is now 26 years old with a family of his own; a wife of 5 years, two beautiful children, a dog, all that good shit. For vacation Sam decides to take his family on a cruise ship. Big Sam is bouncing in his seat (he doesn't have to be cool anymore), his children are as well. As wait to board the ship Sam can hardly stand still *Open Bar! Free Child Care! Free Massage!*. As he is handed a list of events from the person overseeing the boarding he notices there is even a circus on this cruise. *No way, what would the odds be?* They enjoy their cruise, and on the last night Sam brings his family to the circus. They get their seats and wait for the circus to commence (which nearly kills his children). The lights finally go down and it begins. The trapeze were great, the lion tamers stunned, the midget getting shot out of a cannon was riveting, the motorcycles that go around in a sphere nearly took their breath away, finally the clowns come out. *Ok you mother fucking clown where are you at? Where, oh where can you--AHA!* Sam spots the clown that has caused him so much pain in the past which is great for him because he has come up with the perfect response to this clown. The clowns do their usual routine; pies to the face, falling down, hitting others over the head with hammers, spraying others with water jet flowers. Towards the end of the act all of the clowns except one leave the center ring. *Show time!* The clown turns on a microphone that he is given from the ring master. "Ladies and Gentlemen! For your last bit of comedy tonight I will need a volunteer!" *If I don't raise my hand you're going to pick me. I know your game clown!* As usual big Sam is the only one that does not raise his hand. The clown makes a big spectacle of choosing his volunteer. Finally the spotlight lands on big Sam. *Now its my turn!* Before he knows it Sam is down in front of the clown with a smug smile on his face. "Well sir, what would your name be?" "My name would be Sam", he replies with a confidence that makes the clown a little uneasy. "Well Sam, are you the front-end of a jack-ass?" "No, not I am not the front-end of a jack-ass.", he answers as smugly as he can manage. He is now bubbling with anticipation. "Yes, well then, are you the back-end of a jack-ass?" "Ha no, no I am not." "Well Sam, You must be **NO** end of a jack-ass!" The crowd goes wild, little old ladies have heart attacks, ICU hardly covers it. Sam grabs the microphone from the clown, and the crowd immediately quiets down. Sam looks the clown straight in the face and says, "Fuck you."
A woman purchases an antique mirror... in front of the mirror she playfully says " mirror mirror on the door, make my bust-line fourty four " and her breasts grew to enourmous proportions. She quickly ran to grab her husband and he decided to try it " mirror mirror on the door, make my penis touch the floor!" and his legs fell off
Three vampires walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have a pint of blood." The second one says, "I'll have one, too." The third one says, "I'll have a pint of plasma." The bartender says, "So, that'll be two Bloods and a Blood Lite?"
Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself? You would too if you were named Aaaurrrraaaaggghh!
Jim decided to go drinking after work instead of... ...going home to his wife. A few hours, and cocktails, went by. He struck up a conversation with a nice looking female. Libations took the conversation where it probably shouldn't have gone, and they ended up leaving together. They wound up at her place. Of course, one thing lead to another, and the next Jim knows, he's waking up at 2am in her bed with a splitting headache. "Fuck! I've got to get home!" "Yeah, you're wife won't be too happy with you I reckon." "I know... I'm in deep. ... Wait! Do you have any talcum powder?" Jim asked. "Sure, it's in the medicine cabinet," she replied. "Thanks," he said as he rushed into the bathroom, grabbed the powder, sprinkled some onto his hands, and ran out the door. When he arrived home at 2:30am, his wife opened the door just as he was about to put his hand on the knob. "Dammit Jim, I've been worried sick! Where in the hell have you been?!" "Well sweety, I decided to go drinking after work. After a few cocktails, I met this attractive lady who I then left with. We ended up at her place and the next thing I know, I'm waking up and it's 2am," he explained. She gave him a long stare. "Let me see your hands," she demanded. Jim showed her his hands and upon seeing the powder she rolled her eyes and said "You've just been out bowling again haven't you? Get inside, wash those hands and get to bed!"
Make me laugh, and I'll gift you one game on Steam, your choice! The only rules: -Nothing ridiculously expensive (I'm not made of money) -You have to make me laugh. I'm not talking a smirk or quick exhale through my nose, I'm talking full on laughter. -Comments section only, no PMs -I don't care what kind of joke it is, I am not easily offended. -It goes to the first person to make me laugh, NO EXCEPTIONS. -For one liners, I'd prefer putting the punchline in the same comment, just hidden by a spoiler tag or something. -I am kind of a noob when it comes to Steam, so I may ask for an explanation of how to gift games. Give me your absolute best (or worst)! I am completely serious. I haven't had a good laugh in a while, and I was hoping Reddit could come through for me. I ain't no faggot, this OP delivers!
That's nothing A father, mother and a small kid go to see a circus. There, among many animals the kid sees the elephant and its long thing hanging between his legs. The kid asks dad "What's that". Ashamed to answer, father says "Ask mother". The kid asks mom, and she too is ashamed and says, "Oh, that's nothing". The kid goes back to father, and father asks, "What did mom say". Kid says she told "That's nothing". Father replies sighing, "Yeah for your mother even that's nothing".
If there was a hooker named Barbie ... And she was really good at her job, would the line outside her apartment be called the Barbie queue? Edit: spelling
Swimming pool A white man is at a public swimming pool. He dips his penis in the water and says "This pool is 76 degrees". A black man, astonished, walks up to him and asks him how he does it. The white man says "all white men can". The black guy now wants to prove that black men can too. He dips *his* penis in the water and says "I can't tell you the temperature, but I can tell you it's 4 feet deep".
Say what you will about Chris Brown He produces hit after hit.
When I got pregnant people would always say 'eating for two now are we?' I'd tell them to bugger off, I'm not cutting down.
Horrible Breakfast wife: "do u want your eggs boiled?" husband: "no, first boil your milk"
Disappointment a woman, after a long search on the internet, found out that "PHILLIPS 14 INCH" was actually a T.V
There was an elderly man who wanted to make his younger wife pregnant... There was an elderly man who wanted to make his younger wife pregnant. So, he went to the doctor to have a sperm count done. The doctor told him to take a specimen cup home, fill it, and bring it back the next day. The elderly man came back the next day and the specimen cup was empty and the lid was on it. Doctor: What was the problem? Elderly man: Well, I tried with my right hand...nothing. So, I tried with my left hand...nothing. My wife tried with her right hand...nothing. Her left hand...nothing. Her mouth...nothing. Then my wife's friend tried. Right hand, left hand, mouth....still nothing. Doctor: Wait a minute. You mean your wife's friend too?! Elderly man: Yeah, and we still couldn't get the lid off of the specimen cup.
Deep Love no matter how deeply you love someone, you cannot express it more than six inches deep
Jealous Revenge A Blonde suspects her boyfriend of cheating on her, so She goes out and buys a gun. She goes to his apartment unexpectedly and sure enough, she opens the door and finds him in the arms of a redhead. Well, the blonde is angry, She opens her purse to take out the gun but as she does so, she is overcome with grief. She takes the gun and puts it to her head. The boyfriend yells "No, honey, don't do it." The blond replies "Shut up, you're next."
THE BAT BET Three vampire bats live in a cave surrounded by three castles. One night, the bats bet on who can drink the most blood. The first bat comes home with blood dripping off his fangs. He says, "See that castle over there? I drank the blood of three people." The second bat returns with blood around his mouth. He says, "See that castle over there? I drank the blood of five people." The third bat comes back covered in blood. He says, "See that castle over there?" The other bats nod. "Well," says the third bat, "I didn't."
Tense, moody joke Guy lands at Logan, hops a cab, and says to the driver, "Well now that i'm in Boston, where can I get scrod?" Cabbie says, "You know, I've heard that question a thousand times, but never in the pluperfect subjunctive."
procrastinator's club .... ... meets tomorrow
I'm getting a tattoo of an elephant on my ear... The only reason I'm doing this is so when people ask me "Why do you have a tattoo of an elephant on your ear?" I can say "Don't worry about it. It's ear elephant."
A NoSQL query walks into a bar.. ...and then walks out because there were no tables.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer? The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
Someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
[mean joke to girls from guys] I really hope you get the hottest boyfriend So I have a chance on hot girls
Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments often goes undetected.
I'm immortal Have you ever noticed that it's only 'perfect' people who are murdered or killed in horrific accidents? "He was the perfect son" or "She was the perfect daughter." "Such a tragic accident they were the perfect family." "They died together, the perfect couple till the end." Makes me glad I abuse my kids and beat up my wife. Kind of makes me immortal.
Why are bachelors thin, and married men fat? Bachelors come home, check to see what's in the fridge, and go to bed. ....Married men come home, check to see what's in the bed, and go the fridge.
Alligator Shoes A young blonde was on vacation in the depths of Louisiana. She wanted a pair of genuine alligator shoes in the worst way, but was very reluctant to pay the high prices the local vendors were asking. After becoming very frustrated with the "no haggle" attitude of one of the shopkeepers, the blonde shouted, "Maybe I'll just go out and catch my own alligator so I can get a pair of shoes at a reasonable price!" The shopkeeper said, "By all means, be my guest. Maybe you'll luck out and catch yourself a big one!" Determined, the blonde turned and headed for the swamps, set on catching herself an alligator. Later in the day, the shopkeeper was driving home, when he spotted the young woman standing waist deep in the water, shotgun in hand. Just then, he saw a huge 9-foot alligator swimming quickly toward her. She took aim, killed the creature, and with a great deal of effort hauled it on to the swamp bank. Lying nearby were several more of the dead creatures. The shopkeeper watched in amazement. Just then the blonde flipped the alligator on its back, and frustrated, shouts out, "Damn it, this one isn't wearing any shoes either!"
The Lawyer and the Witness doctor being questioned as a witness: Lawyer: "Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "Did you check for blood pressure?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "Did you check for breathing?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "How can you be so sure, Doctor?" Witness: "Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar." Lawyer: "But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless?" Witness: "Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere."
How do you kill a thousand flies at once? slapping a nigerian kid in the face
Accidentally wore a red shirt and khaki pants to Target today... Long story short, I think I got promoted to Assistant Manager.
And... a new joke is born "Your momma is so frigid that your daddy would get his tongue stuck every time he would try to go down on her. " I tried searching for this joke but couldn't find it... Did I just invent a new Your momma joke?
25 years of marriage. So an older couple that has been married for 25 years was driving together to the grocery store. The wife reached over and smacked her husband upside the head. "What the hell was that for?" he asks. "That's for 25 years of bad sex!" she replied. The man thought about it for a while, and later on they were walking through the grocery store when the man smacks the woman upside the head. "What the hell was that for?" she asks. "That's for knowing the difference." he replied.
Psychics A young psychic dwarf escapes from prison. The newspaper headline the next day: "Small Medium at Large". Edit: Small not short
I was talking to my buddy Adam Lanza and I asked him if he'd wanna date my 25-year-old friend. He said, "Yeah! I love taking out twenty - five year olds!"
God creates Adam and it was good. After some time God realizes Adam needs a companion and says to him, "Adam, I have decided to give you a companion. I will give you a woman who will love you and live to please you. She will be intelligent, witty, and above all beautiful. She will cook your meals, wash your clothes, and laugh at all of your jokes." Adam couldn't believe his luck! God says, "All this will cost you only and arm and a leg." To which Adam replies, "What can I get for a rib?"
Two Mexicans, and a black man are running in a race... Two Mexicans and a black man are running in a race. The first Mexican, Jesus, is in front. The black man, Jim, is in second, and the other Mexican, Juan, is in last. They all accidentally run off the road into a 100 foot deep freshly dug foundation at a construction site. Who won?  Society.
Take those penguins to the zoo! A man was driving around with a bunch penguins in the back of his truck and a cop pulled him over. Officer: what in the world do you think you're doing son? Man: we're just out for a ride officer. Officer: I'm not gonna write you any tickets but you need to take these penguins to the zoo! The next day, the cop sees this guy again with all the penguins still in the truck. He notices that this time they're all wearing sunglasses. He pulls the man over again. Officer: son I thought I told you to take those penguins to the zoo! Man: I did officer, but that was yesterday. Today we're going to the beach!
A man and a doctor are talking... The doctor says "I have bad news. You have cancer, and you have Alzheimer's." The man replies, "Thank God I don't have cancer."
Johnny was a chemists son, but Johnny is no more. For what he thought was H2O was H2SO4.
Broccoli Joke A young man was working at a grocery store, stocking shelves, when a woman approached him and asked where the broccoli was. He nicely replied, "We actually just ran out ma'am but we'll have some in first thing tomorrow." The woman thanked him and left. About ten minutes later she returned and asked, "Do you know where I could find the broccoli?" The man paused for a second before answering, "Umm yeah we just ran out... It'll be in tomorrow." She walked away. Sure enough the woman returns and asks the same question. The man, a little confused at this point, says to the woman, "Do you mind if I ask you a question?" "Sure," responds the lady. "How do you spell "cat" as in catastrophe?" "C.A.T.?" the woman says. "Yeah you're right. Now how do you spell "dog" as in dogmatic?" "Umm... D.O.G.?" "Yeah good!" The man exclaims. "Now how do you spell "fuck" as in broccoli?" The girl thinks for a second before saying, "There is no fuck in broccoli..." "That's what I've been trying to tell you!!!"
How do you fit an elephant into a string bikini? You take the "s" out of "sex" and the "f" out of "way."
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One turns to the other and says "Does this taste funny to you?"
Why are hipsters such great assassins? Because they hide the bodies in places no one has ever heard of.
Saw a joke about an elderly couple who were getting a divorce, reminded me of this old gem. The elder couple are in divorce court. Everything is basically going as per usual except both of the soon to be divorcees are well into their nineties. After seeing all the paperwork, the judge ask, "Now folks, help me understand this. You've been married for over 70 years! Why are you getting a divorce?" "Well, you honor", says the man, "we've actually wanted this for a long time. But we decided to stay together for the children." "You stayed together all these years for you children?" "That's right," said the soon to be ex-wife "and the last one just died!"
A doctor, a lawyer, a priest, a rabbi, and a nun all walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "What is this? A Joke?"
Smart Husband!! &gt;Husband Sent a text to wife at night,"Hi babe i will get late, please try and wash all my dirty clothes and make sure your prepare my favorite dish before i return" He sent another text,"Babe I forgot to tell you that I got an increase in salary at the end of month and I am getting you a new car" She text back, "OMG Really?" Husband replied, "No i just wanted to make sure you got my first message".
I remember my first sexual encounter. It was really a frightening experience. I was all by myself!
Gangstas Why do gangsters turn their guns to the side? So their hats are right side up when they go to aim.
On Christmas morning a cop on horseback is sitting at a traffic light... .... and next to him is a kid on his shiny new bike. The cop says to the kid, "Nice bike you got there. Did Santa bring that to you?" The kid replies, "Yeah." The cop says, "Well, next year tell Santa to put a tail-light on that bike." The cop then proceeds to issue the kid a $20.00 bicycle safety violation ticket. The kid takes the ticket and before he rides off says, "By the way, that's a nice horse you got there. Did Santa bring that to you?" Humoring the kid, the cop says, "Yeah, he sure did." The kid continued, "Well, next year tell Santa to put the dick underneath the horse, instead of on top."
So this old couple return to the place they first met... and they're sitting in the bar, having a drink and thinking of all the shit they used to pull and having a laugh. Then she says with a gleam in her eye, "remember where we first did it?" and he says "fuck yeah" "wanna do it again?" "sure!" and they leave, but this cop who heard the whole thing follows them to make sure they'll be ok. few miles away, the cop finds them in a shaded place, against a fence, going at it like bunnies on overdrive. i mean they're shaking up the earth with their passion and intensity. and he's impressed! so he goes up to them and asks, "how is it that even after so many years, both of you still have it? whats your secret?" and the old guy gasps "50 years ago, this damn fence wasn't electrified!"
Which country has the cheapest prostitutes? Vietnam. Because over there you need 20840 dongs to make a dollar.
A recently divorced couple were in court battling over the custody of their child. The mother spoke first, ranting and raving about what a terrible father her ex husband had been. The judge asks the father if he had any comments. The father simply replied: "If I place a quarter in a gum-ball machine, who get to keep the candy? Me or the gum-ball machine?"
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are about a buck and deer nuts are under a buck.
what's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? the taste
Bikers riding drunk A cop was staking out the local pub for bikers riding drunk. At closing time, he sees a biker stumble out of the bar, trip on the curb and fumble for his keys for five minutes. When he finally gets on the bike, it takes him another five minutes to get the key in the ignition. Meanwhile, everybody else leaves the bar and rides off. When he finally pulls away, the cop is waiting for him, pulls him over, and gives him a Breathalyzer test. The test shows he has a blood alcohol level of 0.0! The cop says, "How is this possible?" The guy laughs and says, "Tonight I'm the designated decoy."
Never go 69 if you have a dentist's appointment! After An Excitingly Hot 69 Position With His Girlfriend, Jerry Remembered He Had A Dentist Appointment. He Was Afraid That The Dentist Would Smell Pussy On His Breath So He Brushed His Teeth 7 Times, Used Dental Floss 8 Times &amp; On Top Of That Gargled 1 Liter Of Listerine. As He Arrived At The Dentist He Sucked Two Strong Minutes. His Turn Came Up &amp; The Dentist Told Him To Take A Seat. Feeling Confident &amp; Relaxed, Jerry Opened His Mouth Wide. The Dentist Got Close Enough &amp; Said: Man, Did You Have 69 Before You Came Here? Jerry Asked: Why? Does My Breath Smell Like Pussy? The Dentist Replied: No, Your Forehead Smells Like Shit.
What did the water say to the boat? Nothing. It just waved.
A scary story Man and girl go out to drive under moonlight. They stop at on at side of road. He turn to his girl and say: "Baby, I love you very much" "What is it honey?" "Our car is broken down. I think the engine is broken. I'll walk and get some more fuel." "Ok. I'll stay here and look after our stereo. There have been news report of steres being stolen" "Good idea. Keep the doors locked no matter what. I love you sweaty" So the guy left to get full for the car. After two hours the girl say "Where is my baby, he was supposed to be back by now". Then the girl here a scratching sound and voice say "LET ME IN" The girl doesnt do it and then after a while she goes to sleep. The next morning she wakes up and finds her boyfriend still not there. She gets out to check and man door hand hook car door.
In my old age I may have developed alzheimer's But at least I don't have alzheimer's.
Doctors and nurses A woman brings eight-year-old Johnny home and tells his mother that he was caught playing doctors and nurses with Mary, her eight-year-old daughter. Johnny's mother says, "Let's not be too harsh on them... they are bound to be curious about sex at that age." "Curious about sex?" replies Mary's mother. "He's taken her fucking appendix out!"
A couple in their nineties are getting divorced. Everyone is like "Why why why after all these years?" They say "We were waiting for the children to die."
What are two reasons it's so hard to solve a redneck murder? 1. The DNA all matches. 2. There are no dental records.
A little boy with diarrhea tells his mom he needs Viagra. The mom asks, "Why on earth do you need that?" The little boy replies, "isn't that what you give dad when HIS shit won't get hard?!"
Punny Chemistry "What's Jerry Sandusky's favorite compound?" "What?" "A mole ester"
There are three kinds of people in this world. Those who are good at math, and those who aren't.
Wives seem to love this one In a dark and hazy room, peering into a crystal ball, the Mystic delivered grave news: "There's no easy way to tell you this, so I'll just be blunt. Prepare yourself to be a widow. Your husband will die a violent and horrible death this year." Visibly shaken, Laura stared at the woman's lined face, then at the single flickering candle, then down at her hands. She took a few deep breaths to compose herself and to stop her mind racing. She simply had to know. She met the Fortune Teller's gaze, steadied her voice and asked, "Will I be acquitted?"
3 young lads trying to get into heaven. One Christmas eve three young fellas were out on the crawl drinking and partying. All at once a bus came and killed them outright. They came to St Peter at the pearly gates and he told them there was no entry unless they had a Christmassy item to give him. The first fella rumaged in his pockets and pulled out his keys, he shook them and said, 'These are Christmas bells.' The second man pulled out his lighter, held the flame in the air and said, 'It is the star in the east.' St Peter turned to the third man and raised his eyebrows, 'what about you' the man pulled out a pair of ladies knickers. Peter was shocked and exclaimed, 'what are those', the man replied, 'They're Carol's' Edit: All credit to my 91 year old great-uncle, dirty minds think alike.
A man went to see his doctor. "You need to stop masturbating," the doctor said. The man asked, "Why?" The doctor replied, "Because I''m trying to examine you!"
A man put a sail on his bike... He was gone with the Schwinn.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? fshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Elderly Couple Go to Heaven Together They both arrive at the pearly gates together and meet Saint Peter, who says "Let me show you around" He pointed to a mansion and said "That will be your house, located next to the country club." The old man asks, "and how much will that cost?" St Peter replies, "oh there's no charges, it's free, you're in heaven". He adds, "the country club has no fees or costs either" The old man is really happy by now and asks about food. St Peter says, "Although you don't need to eat, we do have full buffets with the very best pork, beef and poultry" The old man asks, "Aren't those bad for our health?" St Peter assures him, "You're in heaven now, there is no need to worry about your health." The old man turns to his wife and smacks her upside the head. She says, "What was THAT for?" He answers, "If it wasn't for you and your bran muffins, we could have been here 30 years ago!"
A woman gets up in the morning. She enters the bathroom, brushes her teeth, gets dressed and finally steps onto the weighing scale. She looks down to see the results, and suddenly starts screaming happily. "HONEY, I've lost 6kg since yesterday!", she yells. The husband looks up from his newspaper and answers: "Don't be so surprised, you haven't put on your make up yet!"
Who loves you more, your wife or your dog? Lock them both in the trunk of your car for an hour. Guess who is happy to see you when you open the trunk?
Ha, ha ha... wow. What do you get when you mix tea and a dogs name? A dinosaur! Ha ha get it? Tea-rex? Hahaha...
Honey, am I fat? Of course not! You just interact a bit more with the Higgs field.
Marines and sailors (NSFW) A Marine was walking through a park in his dress uniform to use the public restroom. Outside, sitting on a bench was a young boy, who asked, "Are you really a Marine?". The Marine responded, "I sure am. Would you like to wear my hat while I use the restroom?" The kid said, "I sure would!", so the Marine tucked the hat down on the kids head, and went into the restroom. A minute later, a sailor walked up in his whites, and the kid asked, "Are you in the Navy?" The sailor responded, "I sure am. Would you like to suck my dick?" To which the kid replied, "No, thanks. I'm not a real Marine. I'm just wearing his hat."
Did you hear about the tornado that swept through the cemetery? Hundreds dead.
Why can't Jamaicans count to 10? Because there's a *tree* in the way!
So embarrassing.. The most embarrassing thing happened to me last week. I was at a school dance. I was standing by the punch bowl watching the girls dance and I don't know how it happened but I got a boner. Just the way they moved and danced gave me an erection. So anyway, one girl saw me and pointed me out. Suddenly everyone saw and started laughing at me. I started crying and I ran out of the dance. It was so embarrassing. I am never chaperoning the kindergarden dance ever again.
How do you make a dead baby float? Root beer and two scoops of dead baby.
So a man finds a dirty lamp on the ground... and he starts to clean it, because he thinks it may be valuable! After a while of rubbing it a genie comes out, and says "Hey! I'm a genie and normally i'd grant you 3 wishes but today i'm really tired, so I can only grant you one." So after a while of thinking, the man says "Alright, I've always loved Hawaii. I want a bridge that goes from my backyard to there." The genie snorts. "That's probably the dumbest wish I've ever heard! Make a different one." So after another long while of thinking, the man says "I want to be able to know what any woman is thinking." The genie then replies "So do you want this bridge to be invisible from other people or....
Here is a racist joke. How are black people and apples similar? They both look good hanging from trees
Blonde Inventions The water-proof towel Glow in the dark sunglasses Solar powered flashlight Submarine screen door A book on how to read Inflatable dart board A dictionary index Powdered water Pedal powered wheel chair Water proof tea bags Zero proof alcohol Reusable ice cubes Skinless bananas Do it yourself roadmap
If there was a black character in the game of Clue... The game would be called "Solved."
the dirtiest joke I know (not for the faint of heart) A man is down on his luck and only has $10 left. he wants to save $5 for food but decides to take the other 5 to the whore house. he walks in the front door and asks "what can I get for five dollars?" the madam tells him to go into the last room on the left. he walks down a long hallway and opens the door on the left. Inside, he sees the oldest, greyest, grossest worn out whore imaginable. they start fucking, but it's dry, rough, and unbearable. he stops and asks, "is there any way you could make this better?" she says, "yes, but it'll cost you another $5" thinking he's got nothing to lose, he gives up his five dollars and the whore goes to her bathroom, and after what seems like an eternity, returns. they start fucking again and it's wonderful: smooth, wet, and slippery (albeit a bit loose) they finish up and he asks, "what did that $5 get me?" she replies [I picked the scabs] (/spoiler)
Be careful of your aim A woman was pregnant with triplets. One day she goes into this bank as it was being held up. She gets shot 3 times in her stomach, but luckily she lives. She goes to the doctor who tells her that her children will be all right, and that one day the bullets will come out. So 13 years later, one triplet, a girl, runs out of the bathroom and says "MOM, MOM, I WAS GOING TO THE BATHROOM AND A BULLET CAME OUT!" So the mother tells her the story. The next day the second daughter comes out and says the same thing, "MOM, I WAS GOING TO THE BATHROOM AND A BULLET CAME OUT!" On the third day the son comes out and says "MOM, MOM!" So she goes, "Let me guess, you were going to the bathroom and a bullet came out?" he replies "No, I was jerking off and I shot the dog!"
My mom sent me this joke There is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses. The results were pretty interesting: 27% of women think their ass is too fat. 9% of women think their ass is too skinny. And the remaining 64% say they don't care, they love him, he is a good man and they wouldn't trade him for the world.
An Italian guy, an Irish guy and a Chinese guy... are hired at a construction site. The builder points to a huge pile of sand and says to the Italian guy, "You're in charge of sweeping," to the Irishman, "You're in charge of shoveling," and to the Chinese guy, "And you're in charge of supplies." "Now, I have to go check out another job. I'll be back in a couple of hours with something else for you guys to do. So the builder goes away for a couple hours, and when he returns, the pile of sand is untouched. He says to the Italian, "Why didn't you sweep any of it?" The Italian replies, "I didn't have a broom. You said the Chinese guy was in charge of supplies, but he disappeared and I couldn't find him." So the builder turns to the Irishman and asks why he didn't shovel. The Irishman replies, "I couldn't get myself a shovel. You left the Chinese guy in charge of supplies, but I couldn't find him anywhere." The builder is really getting pissed off now, and storms off toward the pile of sand looking for the Chinese guy. Just then, the Chinese guy springs out from behind the pile of sand and yells 'SUPPLIES!"
What's a narcoleptics favorite game? Hide and go sleep.
A rough, hard drinking baseball umpire was upset because he couldn't get his little boy to sit on his lap and talk to him. After all, the son never sits on the brutish umpire.
Whats the difference between me and a calendar? A calendar has dates.
What's green slimy and smells like bacon? Kermit the Frog's finger.
Voodoo dick A man is leaving for a year long trip. He wants to give his wife something to pleasure herself while he is gone. He goes to the store and explains this to the clerk. The clerk says he has just the thing. He says voodoo dick door. A magic dick comes out of a box behind the counter and starts to fuck the door. The clerk then says voodoo dick stop. It goes back into the box. The man buys it and takes it home to his wife. He tells her how to use it then leaves. After a while the wife wants it to stop but realizes that her husband never told her how. She starts yelling for it to stop. After many tries she decides to take it to the sore to find out how to stop it. As she is driving she starts swurving. She gets pulled over by a cop. He asks her if she is intoxicated. She answers no I have a voodoo dick. The cop says right voodoo dick my ass.
Blowdryer Incident Bob's wife caught him blow-drying his pecker this morning and asked him what the hell he was doing? Apparently, "heating up your breakfast" was not the right answer!
Horse and Buggy Joke Little Johnny got dropped off at school late one day in the early 1900's. The teacher asked why he was late and Johnny explained: "There was a horse and buggy accident, the buggy got jammed in the horse's ass!" "Rectum!" Exclaimed the teacher. "Sure did." replied Johnny.
So I was in my house masturbating... and my sister comes up to me all indignant like. She asks me what the hell is wrong with me. I reply that she should knock before coming into her room.
Relationships are a lot like Algebra... ...have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
As I was telling my grandfather goodnight over the phone, he proceeded to tell me "the height of conceit." Which in his own words: "You know the height of conceit son? A flea floating on his back down a river, sporting a hard-on, yelling 'OPEN THE DRAWBRIDGE' " That man.
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
Hellen Keller walks into a bar. And then a table, and then a stool.
A man pulls up to his elderly parent's house for a visit... As he is walking up to the house, he realizes his father is sitting on the front porch, in the cold, wearing no pants. Immediately fearing his dad was suffering from the early stages of dementia, he cautiously approached his father and said softly, "Hey dad...... It looks like maybe you forgot something when you came outside." The old man replies, "Ealier I fell asleep next to the Window while it was cracked and woke up with a stiff neck. *This* was your mother's idea.
An 80 year old couple is watching Jeopardy when a Viagra commercial comes on... The husband says with a smile, "You know what, Edith? I'm gonna go to the doctors office tomorrow and get some of that Viagra." Edith says, "Well you better make an appointment for me too." Her husband replies, "Naw honey, I'm the only one who has to take the stuff." Edith says, "I'm not going for the pills. If you're gonna try and use that rusty old thing on me, I'm gonna need a tetanus shot!"
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery? One of them shucks between fits.
what does a man with a 9" cock eat for breakfast? this morning, I ate some toast, cereal, coffee, bacon &amp; eggs, hash browns...
A man using the new Apple maps walks into a bar... ... or maybe a hotel. or possibly a church.
A woman goes to the doctor... and says, "Doc, I think these hormone pills you gave me are a little strong. My voice is getting deeper and I'm starting to grow some hair on my chest." The doctor replies, "Hair on your chest huh? How far down does it go?" The woman answers, "All the way to my balls."
A guy goes to see the doctor... He says, "Doc, you gotta help me! I keep having these weird dreams! Last night I dreamed I was a Tee-pee and the night before that I dreamed I was a Wigwam." The doctor looks at him thoughtfully and then says, "I think I see your problem. You're two tents."
Getting Divorced! An old man calls his son and says, "Listen, your mother and I are getting divorced. Forty-five years of misery is enough." "Dad, what are you talking about?" the son screams. "We can't stand the sight of each other any longer," he says. " I'm sick of her face, and I'm sick of talking about this, so call your sister and tell her," and he hangs up. Now, the son is worried. He calls his sister. She says, "Like hell they're getting divorced!" She calls their father immediately. "You're not getting divorced! Don't do another thing. The two of us are flying home tomorrow to talk about this. Until then, don't call a lawyer, don't file a paper. DO YOU HEAR ME?" She hangs up the phone. The old man turns to his wife and says, "Okay, they're both coming for Christmas and paying their own airfares." [more jokes](http://djgreetings.com/jokes.aspx)
Genies need love too A man and wife decided to take up golf as a new hobby that they could do together. Both complete amateurs, they found a local course and went down with a bucket of balls and a cooler of beers. After driving most of their balls off the course and into the woods they were about to call it quits when the woman takes one more stroke and drives the ball right through a window of a house just outside the links hidden in the woods. Wanting to do the right thing the couple walked over to the house and knocked on the front door hoping to pay for the window. The door creaked open and they walked in. All of a sudden a whirl of dust spun up in the air and a genie appeared. The genie offered them two wishes with the third wish going to him. "I will make your two wishes come true if I can sleep with your wife tonight." the genie said. The couple discussed and decided it would be worth it. They wished for unlimited wealth and bountiful health. "Poof! Done your wish will come true after mine does this evening." That night after hours of sex the genie finally rolled off the wife, looked into her eyes and said, "so how long has your husband believed in genies?"
Literal Penguins A man was driving down the road with three penguins in the back seat of his car. He's pulled over by police officer. "Can I see your license and regi...what are you doing with three penguins in your car? You can't have these penguins! Go take them to the zoo right now, get out of here..." The man drives off to the zoo. The next day the man is driving down the same road with the same three penguins in the back of his car. The penguins are all wearing sunglasses, have towels, and sunscreen on their beaks. The same cop see's him again and pulls him over. "You again, and still with the penguins! I thought I told you to take them to the zoo?!?!" The man replied, "I did take them to the zoo. Today I'm taking them to the beach."
She get's Double So a guy was walking on a beach and finds a magic lamp, and decides to give it a rub. Out pops a genie. "Whatever you wish for your wife get 2 times what you wish for," Barks the genie. "Ok," says the man, "I wish for a Bugatti Veyron!" The genie's rebuttal, "Sure and your wife gets two." The man says, "Fine, I also wish for a 200,000 sq ft mansion." The genie reply with," your wife now has two, what's your finally wish?" The guy in a very excited voice yells, "BEAT ME HALF TO DEATH!"
There was once a ship sailing upon the high seas... When the man in the crow's nest saw an enemy ship. While the crew were getting ready for battle, the captain called for his red shirt. When asked why, he replied that, in case he was wounded, the crew wouldn't see him bleed and become discouraged. The ships come together, and after a long fight, the enemies were driven off. Later, as the ship is sailing along again, the man in the crow's nest called down that he saw ten enemy ships! When the captain was told about it, he immediately said, "Bring me my red shirt...and my brown pants!
Why are black people so good at basketball? Because they have great hangtime.
Why were there only 49 contestants in the National Ebonics Beauty Pageant? Nobody wanted to wear the sash that says "Idaho".
Where do you find a dog with no legs? The last place you left it.
A lady approaches her priest and says, "Father, I have a problem. I have two female talking parrots, but they only know how to say one thing." "What do they say?" the priest inquires. "They only know how to say, 'Hi, we're prostitutes. Want to have some fun?'" "That's terrible," the priest exclaims, "but I have a solution to your problem. Bring your two female parrots over to my house, and I will put them with my two male talking parrots whom I taught to pray and read the bible. My parrots will teach your parrots to stop saying that terrible phrase, and your female parrots will learn to praise and worship." "Thank you!" the woman responds. The next day, the woman brings her female parrots to the priest's house. His two male parrots are holding rosary beads and praying in their cage. The lady puts her two female parrots in with the male parrots, and the female parrots say, "Hi, we're prostitutes, want to have some fun?" One male parrot looks at the other male parrot and exclaims, "Put the beads away. Our prayers have been answered!"
My grandpa's favorite joke A man runs into a psychiatrist's office exclaiming that he has gone crazy. The psychiatrist asks this random fellow why he thinks he is crazy, to which the man retorts, "I've been wearing cellophane underwear for the past week!" The psychiatrist, in slight disbelief, asks the man to prove it. The man swiftly pulls down his trousers to reveal that he was wearing home-made cellophane underwear. After a moment of examination, the psychiatrist exclaims, "I can clearly see you're nuts!"
If I had to choose between a rope or the inclined set of steps.... I would opt for the latter.
Why couldn't stevie wonder drive the bus? There's no steering wheel in the back of the bus.
Once upon a time... People came up with original jokes to post, instead of reposting the same old ones!
What does Batman put in his beverages? Just ice.
Doctor tells his patient "I have good news and bad news..." Guy says "what's the bad news?" Doctor says "you have cancer, it's terminal." Guy starts wailing "Ohhh that's terrible! Oh my god! I can't believe it! Well what's the *good* news then?" Doctor says "you see that blonde bombshell receptionist? I'm *fuckin'* 'er!"
whats the difference between me and the bible? i'm easy to read
A man calls home from work to talk to his wife... When a woman picks up the phone, he assumes that it is that of the new maid his wife hired. He asks to talk to his wife. The maid says "I'm sorry, the Mrs. is in bed with her husband." "What! I'm her husband!" "Well who is she in bed with?" "I don't know. Do you want to make $50K really fast?" "Ok." "I want you to take the shotgun that's behind my desk, and then I want you to kill them both!" The maid agrees to do this, and sure enough, she finds a shotgun. The man hears screaming, which was followed by gunshots and silence on the other end. "Good. Now I want you to take the bodies and hide them behind the red shed." "You don't have a red shed. I could hide them in the pool." "I don't have a pool." "Yes you do." "Is this 920-3582 on 1st Avenue?"
What did the polite gay man say to the other man when he left the bar? Please allow me to push in your stool sir.
What is the best "white people" joke you know (possibly NSFW) I can't recall ever hearing any white people jokes. Anyone have any?
The Rectum Stretcher A man is driving along one morning, speeding because he's late for work. Suddenly, a cop pulls him over. The cop gets comes over to his car, asks for his license and registration, then plugs his name into the database to make sure he's not doing anything illegal. While he's waiting for the search, he asks the guy he's pulled over where he was heading in such a hurry. Guy: "Oh, just going to work. I was speeding because I'm late." Cop: "Ah. What do you do?" Guy: "I'm a rectum stretcher." Cop: "A rectum stretcher!?" Guy: "Yeah, it's pretty simple. First you get one finger in, and you pull. Then you get two fingers in, you pull some more. Soon you've got both hands in, wrist deep. Then you keep pullin', and stretchin', until you've got the rectum 6 feet tall!" Cop: "What the hell do you do with a 6-foot tall asshole!?" Guy: "You give him a gun and a badge, and you put him on the side of the road."
Sally Why did Sally fall off her swing? She got hit by an axe. Knock Knock Who's there? Not Sally.
What does a 9-Volt battery and an asshole have in common? If you lick it, and nothing happens, you know its dead.
What did batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile? "Robin, get in the batmobile!"
What do you call a stock market crash in Japan? The "My Yen" Apocalypse
A Doctor was addressing a large audience in Tampa.. 'The material we put into our stomachs is enough to have killed most of us sitting here, years ago. Red meat is awful. Soft drinks corrode your stomach lining.. Chinese food is loaded with MSG. High fat diets can be disastrous, and none of us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking water. However, there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and we all have eaten, or will eat it. Can anyone here tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it? After several seconds of quiet, a 75-year-old man in the front row raised his hand, and softly said, 'Wedding Cake.'
Can I borrow ten dollars? Can I borrow ten dollars, but can you only give me five dollars now? Why do I only want five dollars, you ask? Well, then you'd owe me five dollars, and I'd owe you five dollars, and then we'd both be even.
The man who knew everyone There once was a man named Tom and one day he was bragging to his coworkers that he knew everyone who was anyone and everyone knew him. After a couple of weeks of hearing this, Tom's boss, Fred, decided to show that this was all a bunch of bullshit. Fred takes Tom to Hollywood and asks him to get Nicholas Cage's autograph. Sure enough, an hour later Tom comes walking in with the autograph and Mr. Cage himself. Fred is impressed, but still not 100% sure about Tom's popularity, so he takes him to the Vatican and says, "If you know everyone, go onto the Vatican's balcony with the pope." Tom says that will be easy because he since all of the guards know him, it should be a cinch. Sure enough, half an hour later, out comes Tom with the pope one the balcony. He goes down to see his boss and finds him on a stretcher being lifted onto an ambulance. Tome asks what happened and Fred replies, "Everything was going great until the guy next to me said, 'Who's that guy with Tom?'. Then I had a heart attack."
What did Eminem say when 50cent gave him a sweater? Gee, you knit?
Three wasted guys go to a whorehouse. Three guys after a night of heavy drinking decide to go to a whorehouse. When they get there the first guy asks for three girls for them. The lady in charge tells him that there are only two girls available at the moment. Look, the guy says, my pal over there is really wasted. Don't you have like a blow up doll or something? The lady says she'll try her best and sends each one to a different room. After an hour the guys meet again at the front of the whorehouse. Everybody is really excited. The first guy says "I'm sure my girl was spanish"."Why do you say that?",the other two ask. "Well, while I was fucking her she kept shouting OLE-OLE-OLE!". The second guy says "Now that you mention it, mine was german for sure. You see, she kept saying YA,YA,SCHNELL!". Then the really wasted guy says "I know you are probably going to say that I'm wasted but I'm pretty sure mine was a witch". The other two start laughing and ask why he thought that. "You see, I started fucking her, everything was going great and then without notice she goes fffssssst and flies out of the window!".
What is Bruce Lee's beverage of choice? WATAAAAAR
Why doesn't Santa have any kids? Because he only comes once a year.
Sex mad rooster! There is this farmer and one day he goes into the chicken coop and the rooster says to him "dude I am gagging for a fuck" so he takes the rooster into the hen hutch next door and closes the door, moments later there is a huge commotion, feathers fly out the window there is raucous clucking and crowing and eventually the farmer goes back in to see the whole hutch of hens lying there in a post coital ecstasy. However the rooster is still gagging for some more! So he takes him across the way to an even larger hen house with close to 200 hens inside! He closes the door and again the same raucous screeching is heard untill he enters again to see all 200 hens in sheer bliss with the rooster stood atop then all triumphant but still unsatisfied! So the farmer takes him out into the back fields where there is an outdoor pen with 1000 free range hens in! He opens the gate, and respectfully lets the rooster in and shuts the gate, then, returns to his house for tea. When the farmer returns he sees all 1000 hens in a kind of sex coma BUT there is a small crumpled heap in the middle of the field. The rooster is lying there, eyes half closed with some buzzards circling over him, the farmer turns to him and says " I told you that you would over do it eventually!" to which the rooster replies " Mate, if you wanna fuck a buzzard you got to be crafty!!!"
I doubt this is what the financial advisors meant when they told Lays to... adjust for inflation.
What did the mobster call it when he couldn't move his dead friend's body? Rigatoni!
What is a mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country
Three men get lost in a forest... Three men lost in the forest were captured by cannibals. The cannibal king told the prisoners that they could live if they passed a trial. The first step of the trial was to enter the forest and get ten pieces of the same kind of fruit. So, all three men went separate ways to gather fruits. The first one came back and said to the king, "I brought ten strawberries." The king then explained, "Next, you have to shove all the fruits up your butt, or you'll be eaten." He managed 7 strawberries but could go no further and was killed. The second one arrived, and showed the king ten apples. The king explained the challenge to him, but he only managed one apple and was killed. When the second guy gets to heaven, the first guy is laughing hysterically. "What's so funny?" he asked. "I saw the last guy coming and he had 10 watermelons!"
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalepeno face.
I had lots of cheese but no crackers... I was cracka-lackin.
Why do sharks live in salt water? Pepper water makes them sneeze.
I had a joke about the Jonestown massacre...... But the punch line was too long.
Two men are walking through the forrest.. Two men are walking through the forrest and it is extremely dark. After walking for a bit one of the men all of a sudden yells stop! Right in front of them is the largest hole they have ever seen. The two men look at each other an both decide they have to know how deep this hole is. They decide to throw some pebbles into the hole and listen for them to hit... Nothing. They then throw some larger rocks into the hole and listen for them to hit... Nothing. One man decides that he isn't messing around anymore and he finds the largest rock he can find, he throws it in and they listen for it to hit... Nothing. The two men decide that they are going to throw the biggest thing they can find into the hole. After searching for a bit the men find a huge railroad tie, they pick it up and carry it to the hole and throw it in and listen. Shortly after that they hear rustling in the distance getting closer and closer. Next thing they see is a goat, sprinting out of the bushes and nose dive straight into the hole. Stunned the men start thinking about why the hell the goat would do that. They are unable to figure out a reason and decide to move on. They continue walking and end up walking up onto a ranch. A very worried looking farmer comes out to greet then and says to them he can't find his prize winning goat and that the state fair is the next day and he needs to win too prize in order to win a prize for his daughter. The two men say that they saw a goat not to long ago run out of a bush and jump into a giant hole. The farmer shakes his head and says "there is no way that was my prize goat, I tied him up to a railroad tie so that he wouldn't run away!"
What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first one orders a beer, the second one orders half a beer, the third orders a quarter of a beer, etc. The bartender pours two beers and says, "Hey, you guys ought to know your limits."
military jokes "When the pin is pulled, Mr. Grenade is not our friend." --U.S. Marine Corps "Cluster bombing from B-52s is very, very accurate. The bombs are guaranteed to always hit the ground." --USAF Ammo Troop "If the enemy is in range, so are you." --Infantry Journal "A slipping gear could let your m203 grenade launcher fire when you least expect it. That would make you quite unpopular in what's left of your unit." --Army's magazine of prevention maintenance "It is generally inadvisable to eject directly over the area you just bombed." --U.S. Air Force manual "Try to look unimportant; the enemy may be low on ammo." --Infantry Journal "Tracers work both ways." --U.S. Army Ordnance "Five-second fuses only last three seconds." --Infantry Journal "Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid." --David Hackworth "If your attack is going too well, you're walking into an ambush." --Infantry Journal "No combat-ready unit has ever passed inspection." --Joe Gay "Any ship can be a minesweeper....once." --Anon "Never tell the platoon sergeant you have nothing to do." --Unknown Marine Recruit "Don't draw fire; it irritates the people around you." --Infantry Journal "If you see a bomb technician running, try to keep up with him." --USAF Ammo Troop
The name's Bond.. James Earl Jones.
The internet completely changed my sex life. I used to go to the bar every night trying to get laid. Now I'm just sit here masturbating.
What did the Catholic baker say after baking the Easter Eucharist? He is risen.
Johny has a test for Sunday school, so he asks his older sister to check up on him. Johny: All right, I'll start with the eight deadly sins. Sister: The deadly sins are seven. Johny: Huh? Weren't the gospels seven? Sister: No, the gospels are four. Johny: Seriously? I thought the apostles were four. Sister: The apostles are twelve you idiot! Johny: What? I could swear the ten commandments were twelve.
Invest Now! Quick! Invest now! Theres a company in England that is now manufacturing landmines that look like prayre mats! The main factorty is in the middle east, where prophets are going through the roof!
I ain't sayin she a gold digger, but she did move to California in 1849.
Today, I was outsmarted by my cat. Every morning, my cat wakes me up, meowing incessantly until I feed him. He meows when I get out of bed. "I know," I say; "Meow!" is his response. "I'm coming." Meow! "Yes. You're hungry. Shocker." Meow! "Who has shit for brains?" Dead silence, as he stares at me. Well played, cat, well played.
The Sami temperature scale (ed: the Sami are an indigineous people living in the northern parts of Scandinavia, also called Lapland) +10C: Inhabitants of Helsinki turn off the heat. The Sami plant flowers. +5C: If the sun rises over the horizon, it's sunbathing time for the Sami +2C: Italian cars won't start. 0C: Water freezes. -1C: Breath is visible. Time to plan a vacation in the mediterrean. The Sami eat ice cream and drink chilled beer. -4C: The cat wants to share the bed with you. -10C: Time to plan a vacation in the Africas. The Sami go swimming. -12C: Too cold for snow. -15C: American cars won't start. -18C: People in Helsinki turn on their radiators. -20C: Breath can be heard. -22C: French cars won't start. Too cold for ice skating. -23C: Politicians begin to pity the homeless. -24C: German cars won't start. -26C: Breath can be cut into ice cubes. -29C: The cat wants in your pyjama. -30C: Japanese cars won't start. The Sami curses, kicks the tire and fires up his Lada. -31C: Too cold for kisses, lips would freeze together. The soccer trainings in Lapland begin. -35C: Time to take a week long hot bath. The Sami scoop snow from their roofs. -39C: Mercury freezes. Too cold to think. The Sami button up their shirts. -40C: The car wants to share your bed. The sami wear a sweater. -44C: My finnish colleague contemplates closing the office windows. -45C: The Sami close the toilet window. -50C: Sealions leave greenland. The Sami exchange their gloves for mittens. -70C: Ice bears leave the north pole. The yearly cross country skiing at the university of Rovaniemi begins. -75C: Santa is leaving the north pole. The Sami put on their earflaps. -120C: Alcohol freezes. The Sami get angry. -268C: Helium liquifies. -270C: Hell freezes over. -273,15C: Absolute zero. No elementary particle movements. The Sami discuss the chilly weather over another glass of vodka.
This actually happened to me... A homeless guy once came up to me while I was in downtown Knoxville. He held his hand up, which had obviously been in a horrible accident a long time ago and was missing a thumb and a pinky. He asked, "Why can't you masturbate with this hand?". Not wanting to offend, I said "I'm not sure, why?". He said "Because it's MY hand". It was so funny I gave the guy five bucks.
Tacky on you, that outfit is! Tacky on who? [Tachyon!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tachyon) Who's there? Knock, knock!
Sometimes I drink to cure my malaise. If I get drunk this Friday because I am bummed about the end of the world, am I getting sauced because of Mayan-aise?
How do you eat an Indian taco? Lift her gut.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud
what sex position produces the ugliest babies? ask your mother
Hey Girl, u must have gotten your steering wheel in my pants. Cause u are driving me nuts
Why are trains so energetic? They have Conductors.
What did Helen Keller say after being handed a cheese grater? That's the worst book I ever read.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.
Two gold fish are sitting in a tank... Two gold fish are sitting in a tank. One gold fish looks at the other and says: "Hey man, how the hell do you drive this thing?"
A guy calls the hospital. He says, "You gotta send help! My wife's going into labor!" The nurse says, "Calm down. Is this her first child?" He says, "No! This is her husband!"
A small business owner in financial trouble was told by his accountant that he needed to cut staff The accountant said, "Jack and Susan have the highest salaries, so one of them will have to be laid off." The owner replied, "Susan is my best worker, but Jack has a wife and three kids. I'll have to think this over, and maybe discuss it with both of them." The next morning, the owner waited for his employees to arrive. Susan was the first to come in, so he said to her, "Susan, I've got a problem. You see, I've got to lay you or Jack off and I don't know what to do." Susan replied, "You'd better jack off. I've got a headache."
With four days left until the end of the world... I should really try to get better at subtraction.
What do you call a gay Jewish and Chinese couple? Christmas dinner every night. Happy holidays reddit!
Hear about the 2 Mexican firemen? Jose and Josb
A beautiful young woman goes to the doctor's office The nurse puts her in an exam room, and asks her to remove her clothes. When the doctor arrives, he is dumbstruck by how pretty she is, and he can't maintain his professionalism. He starts to feel her breasts, and says to her, "Do you know what I'm doing?" She replies, "Checking for breast lumps that may be cancerous." He then asks her to turn over on the table and starts rubbing her ass, and spreading her butt cheeks apart. He says, "Do you know what I'm doing now?" She replies, "Checking for abnormalities and hemorrhoids." Finally he removes his pants, slides his cock in her pussy, and slowly starts to fuck her. He says, "Do you know what I'm doing now?" She replies, "Getting herpes. That's why I'm here."
Are you from Iraq? Cause i wanna see you Baghdad ass up.
My most forced joke. How did the lumberjack keep his business from falling behind when all the trees ran out? By moving faux wood. Rimshot?
Woman driving by a church... A woman driving by a church sees two boys sticking their dicks in the snow. So she freaks out and pulls in there and asks them what they are doing. The boys reply, "The Priest like a cold one after work."
What does a mathematician do when he's constipated? He works it out with a pencil.
Infinite mathematicians An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a quarter of a beer. The bartender says "Fuck you guys," and pours two beers.
What's a frog's favorite pass-time on the internet? (Sorry if this is a re-post.) Reeeedit *(Say/think it in a frog voice!)*
NASA just released a statement that on Dec.21 at 4:30PM, it will start to get dark in New York City. They're calling it "sunset".
Why do dentists not watch an entire porn video? They only watch the oral parts.
What's common between a Game Tester and Gynecologist. They both look for problems in places where other men find pleasure.
TL; DR: Action hero references Oedipus Die Hard's John McClane and his catchphrase . . .
AMA Request: Someone who has successfully committed suicide.
What do a dwarf and a midget have in common? Very little.
I want to make a joke about Mexicans... ... but I don't want to cross the border.
Have you heard about the record-setting farmer...? He's outstanding in his field
Student: What is the chance we are alone in the universe? Professor: Astronomical.
Meat Loaf Fetish My girlfriend recently told me it makes her super horny when someone makes references to Meat Loaf songs. I told her I loved her, and that I would do anything for love, but I won't do that.
Weight loss program An overweight guy is begging his doctor to help him lose weight. After some discussion, the doctor understands how desperate he is, so he offers to tell him about an unconventional technique. "Anything, Doc! I'll do anything!" "Well, the human body can absorb enough nutrition from the colon. What we'll do is start by filling it up with an IV solution for a week and see how you do." The man comes back a week later and 10 pounds lighter. He is delighted. "Doc, this is great, but it's a little boring. There's no flavor or taste." The doctor gives him an exam, and tells him, "Well, since this seems to be working OK, you can start on some soft foods, like bananas and oatmeal. Shove those up your ass when you're hungry and see how it goes." A week later the man is back, 10 pounds lighter and delighted with the way he looks. "Doc, this is working great. What do we do next?" "Well, you seem to be adapting well to the diet. Eat whatever you want through your ass, celery, steak, whatever. Then let's see you back in 2 weeks." Two weeks later the man is back, 20 pounds lighter, new clothes, and full of energy. He is literally bouncing up and down on his seat. The doctor says, "Wow, you look great, and full of energy. Is the bouncing some kind of exercise?" "Nah," says the man, "just chewing some gum." ***best done with actions***
What sound does a racist machine gun make? kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
"Thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, thirteen ... " I was walking past a tall wooden fence the other day, you know the kind you see outside a building site. As I walked along beside it I heard chanting coming from behind the fence further up... they were chanting numbers, or rather just one number. "Thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, ..." they excitedly chanted. It sounded like a small crowd, young and old; men, women and children. All of them saying the same number over and over. As I approached I saw a small hole in the fence just big enough to look through. The hole was right where the sound appeared to be originating from. So, with the crowd continuing to chant "... thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, thirteen" and it seeming to become more intense as I leaned down to place my eye at the hole and work out WTF was happening in there. Just as I put my eye to the hole a small finger like that of a child poked me in the eye and the crowd stared cheered loudly and started chanting again.. "Fourteen, fourteen, fourteen..."
I accidently swallowed some scrabble tiles My next dump could spell disaster
Two condoms walk into a gay bar They look at each other and say "let's get shit faced!"
How to quit smoking A guy goes to the doc and tells him that he's tried everything to quit smoking but he always ends up falling off the wagon, and he needs help. The doc tells him that that before he smokes a cigarette he needs to put it in his butt and then the disgusting taste will be forever associated with cigarettes and he will never want one. So, the patient leaves and returns in a week. The docs asks him if he was able to quit smoking. The patient says: I haven't put one cigarette in my mouth since then, but now, my ass is addicted to cigarettes.
May be behind but what do you call a Curiosity with only 2 wheels Bi-curious
Who is the most popular guy at a nudist colony? The guy that can hold a cup of coffee in each hand and 6 donuts
Where do babies come from? Storks bring white babies. Crows bring black babies. So what brings no babies? Swallows
Why does the French Army install Rear-view mirrors in their Tanks? So that they can see the battle.
My wd-40 can rusted. It was irony.
Everyone's making Mayan jokes Like there's no tomorrow!
What do a walrus and a ziploc bag have in common? They both like a tight seal.
Once upon a time, there were two cavemen... There were two cavemen overlooking the tundra. Caveman 1: Hey look! A flock of elephants! Caveman 2: Herd? Caveman 1: Herd of what? Caveman 2: HERD of elephants. Caveman 1: 'course I have! There's a flock of them, right over there!
I'm going to make end of the world jokes... ... Like there's no tomorrow
Why don't midgets ever get accepted into nudist colonies? They keep sticking their noses into everyone else's business.
Courtroom joke This was actually said in court and taken from a transcript: Lawyer: "Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "Did you check for blood pressure?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "Did you check for breathing?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?" Witness: "No." Lawyer: "How can you be so sure, Doctor?" Witness: "Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar." Lawyer: "But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless?" Witness: "Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere."
Hamster act A guy goes into a bar and says to the bartender, "If I show you the most amazing thing you've ever seen, will you let me drink for free tonight?" The bartender says, "Let me see and I'll consider it." So the guy reaches into his bag and pulls out a miniature piano and a hamster. The hamster sits in front of the piano and starts playing. And not just banging out "Chopsticks", the hamster is plays Chopin, some ragtime, and even some rock and roll. After a few minutes the bartender says, "Okay, I am impressed. You can drink for free tonight." As the bartender is pouring the guy a drink, the guy says, "Hey, if I show you something even more amazing, will you let me drink for free for a month?" The bartender says, "Okay, but this had better be pretty spectacular." So the guy reaches into his bag again and pulls out a microphone and a frog. The frog sits in front of the microphone and begins singing along with the hamster playing the piano. The bartender says, "Okay, I'm impressed. You can drink here for free for a month." As all of this has been going on, another customer at the end of the bar has been watching. He walks over and says, "I'm a theater producer, and I'd like to buy that frog and put him in a show. Will you sell it to me for $500?" The guy says no. "$1000?". The guy still refuses. "Okay, will you sell me the frog for $5000?" So the guy agrees, and gives the producer the frog for $5000. As the producer is leaving, the bartender says to the guy, "I can't believe you sold the frog! Surely it was worth more than $5000!" The guy says, "Not really. The hamster is also a ventriloquist."
Santa Claus came early! Mrs. Claus wasn't too happy.
So I was going to tell you a joke about a broken pencil... But nevermind, it's pointless.
Have you heard the one about the butter? Nah, you'll just spread it around.
"Thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, thirteen... " Fourteen, fourteen, fourteen, fourteen...
What do fish smoke? Seaweed.
I was going to have an 'end of the world' party... ...but I couldn't get the day off work.
Fighter jock and the cargo pilot A cargo plane is flying along, doing its cargo plane thing, when a fighter jet comes up alongside. The fighter jock decides to poke some fun at the pilot who's forced to fly such an ungainly vessel. "My plane's so much more advanced than yours. Watch this" says the jock, as he proceeds to do loop-de-loops, barrel rolls, corkscrews, and all manner of fast paced aerial acrobatics. "Very impressive," responds the cargo pilot. "But that's nothing, watch this." For a half hour the large craft simply plods along straight as an arrow, not even so much as dipping the wings. After a while, the cargo pilot comes back on the radio and says "So, what'd you think?" Jock: "What d'you mean? You didn't do anything. You just flew straight for a while." Cargo: "Oh no, that wasn't all. I got up, stretched my legs, got some coffee, went to the bathroom..."
What is the difference between the government and the Mafia? One of them is organized.
What did the Indian tailor say to the patron who came in naked? "What sarong with you?"
So a blind man walks into a bar He hurts himself pretty badly.
What did earth say to the other planets? Wow, you guys have no life.
What do burnt pizza, frozen beer and a pregnant chick have in common? Some douchebag forgot to pull it out in time.
What do "Jingle Bells" sung by Mike Tyson and a green and red g-string have in common? They're both Christmith Thongs.
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback
Twins A pregnant woman was involved in a car accident and fell into a coma. When she awoke days later she realized she was no longer carrying a child, and asked, "Doc, what happened to my baby?!" The doctor replied, "Calm down ma'am, you gave birth to healthy twins! You're the proud mother of a handsome baby boy and a beautiful baby girl. Also, you should know that while you were in a coma, your brother named the children for you." "Oh, no!" shrieked the woman. "Not my brother! He's not really all together, if you know what I mean!" The doctor replied, "Well, ma'am, your brother named your daughter Denise." "Oh, that's no so bad," smiled the woman. Then, hesitantly, she asked, "What's the boy's name?" The doctor grinned and said, "Denephew."
Man goes into a bar and gets way too drunk, After already having 7 or 8 pints the man walks up to the bartender, and asks for another Pint. The bartender apologizes and tells the man he can no longer serve him because he has had too much to drink. The man, upset, leaves the bar and stumbles down the street. About 15 minutes later he walks in the side door of the bar, goes straight up to the bartender and asks for a pint. The bartendender apologizes again, but politely asks the man to leave. The man leaves, wanders off into the street, and just a few minutes later he enters through the back door of the bar. The bartender is now angry, "Sir, I already told you twice, I can't serve you, please leave my bar." The intoxicated man exclaims, "Not you again! How many bars do you work at!?"
Bilbo wakes up suddenly to Don't Stop Believing. It was an unexpected Journey.
Did you hear about the naked man who fell into an upholstery machine? He is fully recovered.
Everyone is making end of the world jokes like there's no tomorrow. :O
A book just fell on my head.. and I've only got myshelf to blame.
So I recently read a court case on here... twice... three days apart And I decide that you must like funny court case, [so here are some court cases I believe you will enjoy](http://www.rinkworks.com/said/courtroom.shtml)
Cheesy Christmas Jokes? Does any one know any really cheesy but actually really funny christmas jokes? short ones as they are easier to send? struggling to think of any myself
What is Snoopy's favorite Japanese dish? Snushi.
I graduated in zooscatology. "BULLSHIT!"
The world isn't going to end tomorrow... It's not on my calendar.
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb? 4. 1 to hold the bulb and 3 to drink until the room spins.
If you believe in the end of the world tomorrow... I'm going to keep making end of the world jokes like there's no tomorrow
Why is Jesus so bad at hockey? Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards.
How do epileptics greet people? They shake.
Our Xmas dinner also happens to be my New Year's resolution Bone-less turkey
A deeply religious man is trying to book a room at a hotel. He asks the receptionist if the pornography is disabled. To which she replies, "No. We just have regular pornography, you sick fuck."
Did you hear about the cannibal who passed his brother in the woods one day? ...just think about it.
What's the hardest part to eat on a vegetable? The wheelchair
Have you heard about the corduroy pillow? It's making Head-Lines!
Helen Keller just found out about LSD. She thinks it'll make her see things.
Why did the rancher get out of the hemp-fed beef market? The steaks were too high.
I'm going to the reverse origami championship tomorrow Can't wait to see how it unfolds
So here I am in the Internet Cafe... ... with the angriest, ugliest bastard I've ever seen reading every word I ty
Why are Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse having a divorce? Because Minnie is fucking Goofy
I found some dressing in my fridge that expires on 12-21-2012.... It's called Mayanaisse....
Vacation It seems there was this couple from Minneapolis, Minnesota, who decided to go to Miami Beach for a few days to thaw out during one particularly cold winter. The airlines have crazy frequent flyer rules, and the wife ended up on a flight the day after her husband. The husband made it down to Florida and arrived at his hotel. Upon getting to his room, he decided to open his laptop and send his wife back in Minneapolis an email. Unfortunately, he didn't notice he had misspelled his wife's email address In South Carolina, a widow had just returned from the funeral of her husband, a Methodist pastor of many years, who had been called to glory just a few days earlier. She decided to check her email because she was expecting to hear from relatives and friends. Upon reading the first email, she let out a loud scream, fainted and fell to the floor. The woman's son rushed into the room and found his mother on the floor. He glanced up at the computer screen and saw the following email message: To My Loving Wife: I've just been checked in. Everything has been prepared for your arrival here tomorrow. Looking forward to seeing you then. Your Devoted Husband. P. S. Sure is hot down here.
Why do midgets not wear tampons? They might trip on the string.
Mankind have spent time equal to 7857 years watching PSY Gangnam style only. Shame on you people.
A physicist, a statistician, and an accountant all apply for the same position... The interviewers first call in the physicist. "We have only one question," they tell him. "What is 500 plus 500?" The physicist, without hesitation, says "1000." The committee sends him out and calls in the statistician. When the statistician comes in, they ask the same question. The statistician ponders the question for a moment, and then answers "1000... I'm 99.9% confident." He is then also thanked for his time and sent on his way. When the accountant enters the room, he is asked the same question: "what is 500 plus 500?" The accountant replies, "what would you like it to be?" They hire the accountant.
A man arrives home one evening and found his wife in bed with another man.... ...Without hesitation, he grabs the offending man by his private parts and drags him to the garage. He puts the man's private parts into a vice and removes the key so it can't be loosened. Then, he walks over to the work bench and removes the saw from the pegboard. The naked man exclaims, "Give me a break! Please don't cut it off..." The husband hands the man the saw and replies, "This is for you. Now, I'm gonna set fire to the garage and leave. What you do next is your decision."
People are making apocalypse posts likes there's no tomorrow.
An atom asks another atom, Do these protons make my mass look big?
Why don't they have fireworks at Euro Disney? Because every time they shoot them off, the French try to surrender.
So the painters finish painting my home... and they hand me the bill. I notice that by the paint it says $0. I say, "you guys did such a good job, why aren't you charging me for the paint?" The head painter looks at me and says, "don't worry about the paint, it's on the house."
My girlfriend told me she was pregnant, so I started looking for some names... ...in the end I chose Juan Carlos and took the first flight to Spain.
Why didn't Santa's father get a ticket for speeding in the sleigh? A grandfather claus got him out of it!
After the Great Britain Beer Festival, in London, all the brewery presidents decided to go out for a beer. The guy from Corona sits down and says, "Hey Senor, I would like the world's best beer, a Corona." The bartender dusts off a bottle from the shelf and gives it to him. The guy from Budweiser says, "I'd like the best beer in the world, give me 'The King Of Beers', a Budweiser." The bartender gives him one. The guy from Coors says, "I'd like the only beer made with Rocky Mountain spring water, give me a Coors." He gets it. The guy from Guinness sits down and says, "Give me a Coke." The bartender is a little taken aback, but gives him what he ordered. The other brewery presidents look over at him and ask "Why aren't you drinking a Guinness?" and the Guinness president replies, "Well, I figured if you guys aren't drinking beer, neither would I."
Why do Asian girls have small breasts? Because their fathers want them to have A's.
yo mama jokes yo mama is so fat - because her parents were too poor to afford good food, and too dumb to realize that it's important to try and eat well, even on a budget. they were also fat for the same reasons, and passed their fatty eating habits onto their fat little kid. yo mama is so dumb - because her crippling anxiety prevented her from ever concentrating in class, mostly because her parents were so poor and dumb that every minor problem became a life altering crisis, but also partly because all of the terrible shit she was eating caused imbalanced glucose levels, each meal starting a new cocaine-like cycle of coming up, being hyperactive and unable to focus on one task; then coming down, being sleepy, lethargic, and craving more terrible food. yo mama is so poor - because she never completed her education, and was too fat to attract a wealthy mate. she also had zero confidence growing up, leading her to never believe she was smart enough to learn new things or handle challenging situations in a rewarding workplace. yo mama is so ugly - to be completely honest, mostly because of the fatness. yo mama is so old - she will probably be fat, dumb, poor and ugly the rest of her godawful life.
An Indian man arrives at the reception of a hotel... An Indian man arrives at the reception of a hotel and asks for a room for the night. The receptionist says "of course, sir, do you have a reservation?" To which he replies "I'm not that kind of Indian!"
Has anyone else's world ended yet? Mayan hasn't.
Went to the doctors yesterday, suffering from premature ejaculation... ... doctor said, "This must be very stressful for your wife". I replied, "To be honest, it's getting on her tits".
Did your world end today? Mayan didn't
What's black, wears a bandana and ends the world? Tupacalypse. (thanks to my buddy Mike)
Some "End Of The World" jokes I have seen. * People are making "end of the world jokes" like there's no tomorrow. * I think on December 21, all the power companies should shut off the power for like 10 minutes to freak everyone out. * NASA has confirmed that on December 21, 2012, [approximately 7:00pm] the sky will turn completely black, and white little dots (very shiny) will appear... This phenomenon is known as "night" post some of yours in the bottom
What did the Jewish child molester say to the kid? Hey kid, do you want to buy some candy?
How many NRA spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb? MORE GUNS!!!
What do spinach and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
I got a hair cut for $10 At this rate, its gonna cost me a million dollars to get them all cut.
I thought it was funny... Came up with this one yesterday "What did off-center say to tilted? I don't know either he told me to askew!"
What's angry, fluffy and destructive and gathers inside stringed instruments? Violint
So a guy with a stutter calls the sanitation department Hello, this is the sanitation department. HH..HH...Hello...Th...th...there's a ddddd ddd dead horse here. OK, where is here? On DDD..DDDD...DDDD...D On Delaware Sir? Nnnnno, on DDD DDD DDD...DD On Dartmouth? NNNN NNO. on DDDD...DDD... Ok, sir, call me back when you can say the name of the street. &lt;riiing&gt; Hhhhhi. There's a DDDD. DDEa.. A dead horse! Yes. I know. What street? DDD....DDDD... On Delaware!? NNNNNO!! On DDDD...DDD...DD..DD Sir. This is ridiculous. Just give the phone to somebody else next time you call. &lt;riiiing&gt; Hello, sanitation department. Thhh thhere's a A DEAD HORSE!? Yes, I know, sir. What street is it on? It's on DDDD DDD... Oh god damn it. Is it on Delaware!? Yyy yes. I DD..DDDDD.... DDDragged it over there.
I called that Rape Advice Line earlier today. Unfortunately, it's only for victims.
Love, ethnic food, &amp; the end of the world. What do you kiss on a Mexican dish that will trigger the end of the world? El Taco Lips.
So a ton of people go in for a job interview and the final two prospects are...[racist?][dirty] ...a Harvard grad, and a Polak. Leaning toward no particular preference, the hiring manager decides to put them to a test. "You both have 30 minutes to write a poem," he says. "But the catch, is that it has to end in Timbuktu. The best poem gets the job." Both men accept the instructions and retreat to their respective rooms. 5 minutes later, out pops the Pole, claiming he is done. "Fine, that's fine." Says the hiring manager dismissively. "But, we still need to wait for the other applicant to finish." The Polak sat patiently holding his poem. Utilizing all his time, the Harvard graduate emerged from his room with seconds to spare. "Well done," said the hiring manager. "Now let's hear them. Why don't you go first?" he asked the Harvard graduate, anticipating the superior submission. The grad began, "I was walking across the desert sand, When I came across a caravan. They took me in and saw me through To the American embassy in Timbuktu." "Very, very good." exclaimed the hiring manager. "Now let's hear your's, Mr. Polak." The Pole approached the podium, clearing his throat. "Tim and I, a-hunting went. Came across three cunt in a tent. Them being three and us being two, I bucked one, and Tim bucked two." Edit: This is the earliest long joke I remember. I heard it told to my father by my uncle around age 3 and remembered every word since. I remember reciting it for the folks on many of their get-togethers.
What does a duck call a tractor? A Quakter
New on NBC.... A buddy cop drama starring a mentally challenged detective and his Native American partner. They're gonna call it Tard and Feathered.
Why men don't write advice columns... Dear Walter, I hope you can help me here. The other day, I set off for work leaving my husband in the house watching the TV as usual. I hadn't driven more than a mile down the road when the engine conked out and the car shuddered to a halt. I walked back home to get my husband's help. When I got home I couldn't believe my eyes. He was in our bedroom with the neighbours daughter. I am 32, my husband is 34, and the neighbours daughter is 22. We have been married for ten years. When I confronted him, he broke down and admitted that they had been having an affair for the past six months. I told him to stop or I would leave him. He was sacked from his job six months ago and he says he has been feeling increasingly depressed and worthless. I love him very much, but ever since I gave him the ultimatum he has become increasingly distant. He won't go to counselling and I'm afraid I can't get through to him anymore. Can you please help? Sincerely, Sheila ------------------------------- Dear Sheila: A car stalling after being driven a short distance can be caused by a variety of faults with the engine. Start by checking that there is no dirt in the fuel line. If it is clear, check the vacuum pipes and hoses on the intake manifold and also check all grounding wires. If none of these approaches solves the problem, it could be that the fuel pump itself is faulty, causing low delivery pressure to the injectors. I hope this helps. Walter.
abortion bill President Bush is sitting in the oval office when a secretary comes in and hands him a slip of paper. Bush asks what it is, and the secretary replies "it's the abortion bill. What do you want to do with it?" "Just go ahead and pay it".
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to sit at the back of the oven.
Location Location Location! A man goes to the famous Lucas Carton restaurant in Paris with his girlfriend and orders the 1928 Mouton. The waiter returns with a bottle full of wine, pours a small amount in the glass for tasting. The customer picks up the glass, smells the wine, and puts it down on the table with a thud. "This is not the 1928 Mouton." The waiter assures him it is, and soon there are another twenty people surrounding the table, including the chef and the manager trying to convince the man that the wine is the 1928 Mouton. Finally someone asks him how he knows that it is not the 1928 Mouton. "My name is Phillipe de Rothschild, and I make the wine." Finally, the original waiter steps forward and admits that he poured the Clerc Milon 1928. "I could not bear to part with our last bottle of 1928 Mouton. You know Clerc Milon, it is in the same village as Mouton, you pick the grapes at the same time, the same cepage, you crush in the same way, you put them into similar barrels. You bottle at the same time, you even use eggs from the same chickens to fine them. The wines are the same, except for a small matter of geographic location." Rothschild beckons the waiter forward, and whispers to him, "When you return home tonight, ask your girlfriend to remove her underwear. Put one finger in one opening, another finger in the other, then smell both the fingers. You will understand what difference a small distance in geographic location makes"
How does a dog catcher gets paid? by the pound.
A man goes into a library and asks for a book on suicide. The librarian tells him... "Fuck off you won't bring it back"
Eddie Murphy's joke: the bear and the rabbit A bear and a rabbit are taking a shit in the woods. Bear turns to the rabbit and says, "Excuse me, do you have problems with shit sticking to your fur?" The rabbit says, "No." So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit. (original) --&gt; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jORyfjHx5iY
Why does a jew watch pornography backwards? He wants to see the prostitute give back money.
New Automated Doctor At Costco One day, in line at the company cafeteria, Joe says to Mike, "My elbow hurts like hell. I guess I'd better see a doctor." "Listen, you don't have to spend that kind of money," Mike replies. "There's a diagnostic computer down at Costco. Just give it a urine sample and the computer will tell you what's wrong and what to do about it. It takes ten seconds and costs ten dollars. A lot cheaper than a doctor." So, Joe deposits a urine sample in a small jar and takes it to Costco. He deposits ten dollars and the computer lights up and asks for the urine sample. He pours the sample into the slot and waits. Ten seconds later, the computer ejects a printout: "You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water and avoid heavy activity. It will improve in two weeks. Thank you for shopping at Costco." That evening, while thinking how amazing this new technology was, Joe began wondering if the computer could be fooled. He mixed some tap water, a stool sample from his dog, urine samples from his wife and daughter, and a sperm sample from himself for good measure. Joe hurries back to Costco, eager to check the results. He deposits ten dollars, pours in his concoction, and awaits the results. The computer prints the following: 1. Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener. (Aisle 9) 2. Your dog has ringworm. Bathe him with anti-fungal shampoo. (Aisle 7) 3. Your daughter has a cocaine habit. Get her into rehab. 4. Your wife is pregnant. Twins. They aren't yours. Get a lawyer. 5. If you don't stop playing with yourself, your elbow will never get better. Thank you for shopping at Costco!
I would like to share an experience with you about drinking and driving. As you well know, some of us have been known to have had brushes with the authorities on our way home from the odd social session over the years. A couple of nights ago, I was out for a few drinks with some friends at the Marriott Hotel and had a few too many beers and some rather nice red wine. Knowing full well I may have been slightly over the limit, I did something I've never done before: I took a bus home. Sure enough I passed a police road block set up for random breath testing but as it was a bus, they waved it past. I arrived home safely without incident, which was a real surprise as I have never driven a bus before and am not sure where I got it.
How many NRA members does it take to change a light bulb? A: More guns.
She's gonna shit on you ! A guy takes his girlfriend to his parents' house for dinner for the first time. The girl was nervous and during dinner she wanted to fart. She farted silently, but the stinch was pretty unbearable. The father shouted at the dog: "Spooooot !" Happy that the father had blamed the dog, she continued to eat, then, she farted again. The father, again: "Spooooot!". The girl carried on as nothing had happened and minutes after she farted again, ti which the father said: "Spot, get outta there, or she's gonna take a shit on you !""
Why do the French stink? So blind people can hate them too
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Why do you put a baby into a blender feet-first? So you can see the look on its face. How do you get said baby out of the blender? Tortilla chips.
I like to yard work listening to Judas Priest... ......singing at the top of my lungs: RAKING THE LAWN RAKING THE LAWN!
Did you know the person who created Knock Knock jokes won a nobel peace prize?
A koala wakes up next to a prostitute.... The koala tries to sneak out of the motel room before the prostitute wakes up. As he opens the door, the protitute wakes up and says "where do you think you're going? You haven't paid me yet". The koala refuses to pay, so the protitute says "let's look in a dictionary for the definition of prostitute". The two proceed to look up the definition to find that it is 'someone who has sex for money'. The Koala then flips a few pages back to the definition of koala, then walks out of the room. Confused, the protitute looks down at the page. The dictionary says 'Koala: An animal who eats bushes and leaves' Edit: Grammar
So there's two astronauts on a rocket... One says to the other, "Get Ready, it's almost time for launch." To which the other says "Launch?! I haven't even had breakfast yet!"
why didn't Maria go to prom? she had no Juan to go with
"Toilet joke * Dirty "Toilet joke" [Dirty] if it's yellow let it mellow if it's brown let it drown if it's red.... you could of spread?
What do you say to a woman with two black eyes? Nothing. You already had to tell her twice.
What's the worst part about watching porn? ... The climax is always the same.
If someone tells you he has a centrifuge on a submarine, don't believe him! It's a subterfuge...
Why was the Berlin Wall torn down? It didn't match with the iron curtains.
So a man is sitting at a swanky bar on the penthouse of a luxurious skyscraper... When he turns to the guy next to him and says "You know, way up this high, the air pressure is such that you could jump off the balcony and the wind would push you back up!" The other man is incredulous, and asks the man to jump and prove it. To this the man says sure, and without hesitation heads over to the balcony and jumps off. Sure enough, a few feet down, he suddenly changes direction and swoops back up on to the balcony. The man is impressed. "I gotta try this!" he says and leaps off the balcony. He goes straight down, and splats on the pavement below. The bartender turns to the first man and says "Superman, you sure are a mean drunk."
the longest, most infuriating joke ever One day a man decides that he wants to become a monk, so he goes to the local monastery and talks to the head monk the monk agrees to give him a tour of the monastery. During the tour they pass a corridor with a strange sound coming from the far end. The guy asks the monk what the sound is. "I'm afraid I can't tell you that because you're not a monk", the monk replies. So they continue their tour and after it's finished the guy decides he will become a monk and is initiated into the monastery. After a few weeks he walks past the corridor again and hears the sound. So he goes to the head monk and says "I'm a monk now, can you tell me what the sound is" "I won't tell you what it is", says the monk, "but you can go and see" So the guy sets off down the corridor. After a while he comes to a locked door so he goes to the monk and says "There's a door, can I have the key?" So the monk gives him the key and he sets off back down the corridor. He gets to the door and unlocks it and continues down the corridor. However he come to a second door, also locked, so he goes back to the monk and gets the key to the second door. And he goes down the corridor but he's forgotten the key to the first door, so he gets the key to the first door and he opens the first door but he's forgotten the key to the second door. So he gets the key to the second door and he opens the second door and he continues down the corridor. However he soon comes to yet another door so he goes back to the monk and gets the key to the third door. And he goes down the corridor but he's forgotten the key to the first door so he gets the key to the first door but he's forgotten the key to the second door so he gets the key to the second door but he's forgotten the key to the third door so he gets the key to third door and he opens the third door and he continues down the corridor. However, he comes to a pool and he realises he will have to swim underwater to get across. Not knowing how far it is he goes back to the monk who gives him an aqualung. And he goes back down the corridor but he's forgotten the key to the first door so he gets the key to the first door and he opens the first door but he's forgotten the key to the second door so he gets the key to the second door and he opens the second door but he's forgotten the key to the third door so he gets the key to the third door and he opens the third door but he's forgotten the aqualung so he gets the aqualung and he swims across the pool and when he surfaces on the other side he is faced with a fourth door. So he goes back to the monk and gets the key to the fourth door. And he goes down the corridor but he's forgotten the key to the first door so he gets the key to the first door and he opens the first door but he's forgotten the key to the second door so he gets the key to the second door and he opens the second door but he's forgotten the key to third door so he gets the key to the third door and he opens the third door but he's forgotten the aqualung so he gets the aqualung and he swims across the pool but he's forgotten the key to the fourth door so he gets the key to fourth door and he opens the fourth door and he finds himself in a pitch black room. He can tell this is where the noise is coming from but he can't see what it is so he goes back to the monk and gets a torch. And he goes down the corridor but he's forgotten the key to the first door so he gets the key to the first door and he opens the first door but he's forgotten the key to the second door so he gets the key to the second door and he opens the second door but he's forgotten the key to the third door so he gets the key to the third door and he opens the third door but he's forgotten the aqualung so he gets the aqualung and he swims across the pool but he's forgotten the key to the fourth door so he gets the key to the fourth door and he opens the fourth door but he's forgotten the torch so he gets the torch and he goes into the room and flicks on the torch. But he doesn't see anything because the torch has no batteries. So he goes to the monk and he gets some batteries. And he goes down the corridor but he's forgotten the key to the first door so he gets the key to the first door and he opens the first door but he's forgotten the key to the second door so he gets the key to the second door and he opens the second door but he's forgotten the key to the third door so he gets the key to the third door and he opens the third door but he's forgotten the aqualung so he gets the aqualung and he swims across the pool (having crossed the pool so many times he decides he probably didn't actually need the aqualung in the first place) but he's forgotten the key to the fourth door so he gets the key to the fourth door and he opens the fourth door but he's forgotten the torch so he gets the torch and he goes into the room and he flicks on the torch and he sees ... well, I can't tell you that because you're not a monk
I think one of my dads might be gay...
I want to create a Disney channel sitcom about an irreverent Chinese kid... and name it "That's so Wong!"
Got a christmas card with rice in it It was from uncle ben
The Purple Flower So there's this guy walking to school and on his way there he sees these two girls talking to each other. He drops in on their conversation and hears them talking about a purple flower. He thought to himself "Purple flower?" and stops to think about it. He realizes he's late for school and runs as fast as he can. So he gets to class and the teacher asks him, "Why are you late?" The guy says, "Well...I was walking to school and heard two girls talking about a purple flower, stopped to think about it, and realized I was late to school, and now I'm here!" The teacher replies, "What?! Purple flower?! You're going to the Dean's Office!" So the guy goes to the Dean's Office. The dean asks him, "Why are you here?" The guy says, "Well...I was walking to school and heard two girls taling about a purple flower, stopped to think about it, and realized I was late to school, the teacher sent me to the Dean's, and now I'm here!" The dean replies, "What?! Purple flower?! You're going to the Principal's office. So the guy reports to the Principal's office. The principal asks him, Why are you here?" The guy says, "Well...I was walking to school and heard two girls talking about a purple flower, stopped to think about it, and realized I was late to school, the teacher sent me to the Dean's, the dean sent me to the principal, and now I'm here!" The principal replies, "What?! Purple flower?! You're expelled from the school! So the guy leaves the campus and heads on home. When he arrives, his father asks him, "Why are you here?" The guy says, "Well...I was walking to school and heard two girls talking about a purple flower, stopped to think about it, and realized I was late to school, the teacher sent me to the Dean's, the dean sent me to the principal, the principal expelled me, and now I'm here!" The father replies, "What?! Purple flower?! I disown you!" Now get out! So the guy leaves his house. While walking down the street, he notices a hobo. He approaches the hobo and the hobo asks him, "Why are you here?" The guy says, "Well...I was walking to school and heard two girls talking about a purple flower, stopped to think about it, and realized I was late to school, the teacher sent me to the Dean's, the dean sent me to the principal, the principal expelled me, my dad disowned me, and now I'm here!" The hobo replies, "What?! Purple flower?!" The hobo grabs a knife from nearby and stabs himself in the chest. So the guy freaks out and looks for help. He notices two cops in a car at the donut shop and says "Officers, I need help! That hobo committed suicide!" The officers said, "Calm down, slow down, and tell us why you're here." The guy says, "Well...I was walking to school and heard two girls talking about a purple flower, stopped to think about it, and realized I was late to school, the teacher sent me to the Dean's, the dean sent me to the principal, the principal expelled me, my dad disowned me, the hobo killed himself, and now I'm here!" The officer replies, "What?! Purple flower?! You are under arrest! We're taking you jail." So the guy runs away from the police. As he's running a man who overheard the story shouts across the street that he knows what the Purple Flower means As the boy crosses the street, he gets hit by a car. Moral of the story: look both ways before you cross the street
Two flies are on a toilet seat. One gets pissed off.
Last semester I had an English teacher names Mrs. Gaye She was a huge homophone.
A teacher walks into a bar Guy: can I buy you a drink? Teacher: I don't know, CAN you?
4 gay guys walk into a bar... They find that there is only one barstool, the ponder for a second, until one says, "why don't we just flip it over?" (Sorry if its a repost)
What do 9 volt batteries and butt holes have in common? You know you shouldn't, but one day you're probably going to try licking one.
Old favorite of mine. A man and his wife were trying to have a baby but the man just couldn't impregnate her. They decide to go to a doctor and see what he can tell them. The doctor says "Here, take this jar home and fill it up with some of your sperm. Bring it back whenever." The man comes back the next day with an empty jar. The doctor says, "It's empty. What happened?" The man says, "Well doctor, first I tried with my right hand; nothing. Then I tried with my left hand; nothing. Then I asked my wife if she could help; nothing. So I went to my neighbors house, and she tried with her left, right and her mouth; nothing!" The doctor shocked by his response says, "You went to your neighbor for help...?" The man says, "Yeah, and we still couldn't get the fucking jar open!"
A man works hard to name an interval equal to 24 hours. so he calls it a day.
An old friend told me this... Three middle aged jewish men are sitting around one afternoon. The first one says, "Oy, I sent my son to Jerusalem and you'll never believe what he did. He came back as an atheist!" The second man says, "Oy, I sent my son to Jerusalem and you'll never believe what he did. He married a Christian!" The third man without missing a beat says, "Oy, I sent my son to Jerusalem and you'll never believe what he did, he converted to Christianity!" All of a sudden they hear the voice of God and He says, "Oy, that's nothing! I sent my son to Jerusalem and you'll never believe what he did..."
What's the difference between you and Bear Grylls? You'd get fired if you drank piss at work.
A man with an orange for a head is drinking in a bar... another man walks up to him and says "Excuse me mate, I just wondered how come you've got an orange for a head?" The man with an orange for a head says "We'll, it's quite a story, if you buy me a pint, I'll tell you." So the man buys 2 pints and they settle down at the bar. "A few years ago I was travelling around North Africa and the Middle East." says the man with an orange for a head, "and I found myself in this little secluded back street bazaar. I was looking at the wares on offer when I saw an old fashioned oil burning lamp. It was a little dirty so I gave it a rub, and to my surprise a genie came out. "You may have 3 wishes, anything that your heart desires." said the genie. Well, I was quite taken aback, let me tell you." "So what did you do?" asked the man in the bar. "Well, the first thing I wished for was 20,000,000,000 in my bank account." "And what happened?" "I gave the stall holder a few coins, took the lamp and rushed to the nearest bank, found a cash machine, put my card in, and couldn't believe it. My balance didn't even fit on the screen it was so big. Since then I've bought the finest cars, beautiful houses, I've even got a castle. I can afford anything, it's amazing." "Wow, unbelievable!" Exclaimed the man in the bar "What did you wish for second?" "Second I wished for a harem of beautiful and willing women." "And what happened?" "Amazing, let me tell you. In each of my houses, and in my castle, are the most beautiful women. They are so eager to please me anytime, day or night. They do things I've never even dreamed of. Brilliant." "Ok, that sounds pretty great" says the man in the bar "what did you wish for third?" "Third I wished I had an orange for a head."
Latvian Joke Bus full of priests come to Latvia, spread word of God. One priest ask Latvian man "Where is children?" Latvian man respond "Children is dead from childbirth." Bus leave.
I don't get * Why my son is so disappointed this christmas * He didn't get any presents last year either
Why did the ant crawl up Princess Kate's stocking? To go to the grand opening. Why did the ant crawl up Prince Williams' trousers? To get to the royal ball.
One. How many psychics does it take to change a light bulb?
Redneck fishing. Thought Id share this with you...sat the in the back yard enjoying the birds, the view, the green grass all around and clouds above. Then suddenly I Had a revaluation I'm going redneck fishing. So I got a long wooden pole and proceeded to duck tape it to the pole [ think about it ] and carefully made sure all safety features are in place [shoes, clothing safety glass, lots of beer ] then proceed to fish the famous the all notorious.......... GOFER........... I swore on my gold fishes grave this will NOT be another CADE SHACK and set down at the main hole siting for ever and ever [10 min pass ] I'm so quiet that I can hear the empty beer cans retelling behind me as I toss them over my shoulder. I'm posing for the kill on the main hole thin out of nowhere I see something strange a few feet away at.... Hole just appeared..... OK..... I'm intelligent and superior overall critters. I went to check it out and OK its a hole.... Then I heard a noise behind me [ I don't speak gofer but it sounded like... What a dumb fuck ] I turned and slowly walk over to the spot the SPOT .................. THE MAIN FUCKING HOLE............... The bastards they took my beer, cigars and the dam pole and probably the gold fish [ thank the gold fish went down the sink in 1965 ????? ] So nothing else to do but drink more beer..... [Cool realty is a fine concept ....... NOT ALL WAYS......]
An Irishman goes to the doctor's surgery ... and he says to the doctor "Top o' the morning Doc, I've got a little problem. It's a pain like, in me arse." So the doctor says "Well we'd better have a look at it. Take your trousers and pants down." After the patient assumes the position the doctor gets a rubber glove, some lubricant and starts to examine him. He can quickly feel something not quite right, and after a bit of fiddling he manages to extract a 20 note from the Irishman's bottom. "Did you know you had a 20 note stuck up there?" He asks the man. "No doc, I did not, to be sure. I do feel a little bit better, like, but still not quite right. Will you have another look for me?" So the doctor gets back to work and sure enough he finds another 20 note, and then another. After about half an hour he finally cannot feel any more banknotes. He sits down to count the money as the man puts his clothes back on. "So, how did you manage to get 1980 in used 20 notes into your bum?" "I don't rightly know doc, but I knew I wasn't feeling too grand."
When I was a kid, I played football with a broken nose for an entire season... We couldn't afford a football.
A German woman was walking down a dark alley when she got accosted by eleven men... ...who tear her clothes apart and start to rape and molest her. The woman shouts 'Nien! Nien!', so two of them left.
A businessman is at the office. He was confused about a bill he had received, so he asked his secretary for some mathematical help. "If I were to give you $20,000, minus 14%, how much would you take off? " he asked her. The secretary replied, "Everything but my earrings. "
My parents told me not to listen to my iPod too loud... It was sound advice.
My favourite joke - Two blondes are standing either side of a river, one asks the other "how do you get to the other side?" The other replies "You are on the other side...?"
Q: Why does Motel 6 "keep the light on for you" A: So the roaches won't come out.
How many members of the NRA does it take to screw in a lightbulb? More guns.
I'm done telling racist jokes because... Once you tell Juan you tell Jamal
Sometimes I stop suddenly when I have sex with my girlfriend. She asks, "Why did you stop?" I reply, "Oh, it's something I learned in porn. It's called buffering."
Christmas in Latvia Is Christmas man have present! He open, find rotten potato. Wife die of malnutrition night that.
Three housewives were sitting at a bar Each woman was bragging about how big their pussies were. The first woman stated: my pussies so big my husband can fit his whole hand inside. Thats nothing says the second house wife, my husband can fit both of his hands inside my pussy. The third house wife just slid down the barstool.
What did the Atlantic Ocean say to the Indian Ocean? You need to be more Pacific. *cymbal clash*
A generic science major and an english literature major walk into a bar and are asked by a mutual friend how to best evaluate a book. I just wrote a joke: A generic science major and an english literature major walk into a bar and are asked by a mutual friend how to best evaluate a book. The generic science major takes a few moments to think, then says, "Well, I would read up on the history of the book, process the literature within a few months (well enough to formulate some questions to ask participants that are likely to assess the book's content, influence, and perceived influence), then test a few of the relevant questions that the lit. search analysis generates. In some kind of controlled setting, obviously. You?" The english literature major takes a shot, then says, "Uhhh... first I'd read it."
Three gay guys die in a car accident... Stricken with grief, their lovers meet at a local coffee shop to ease away the pain. "My boyfriend was a great pilot." Said the first man. "Im going to cremate his body and spread his ashes in the sky". "My boyfriend was a great sailor." Said the second man. "Im also going to cremate his body and spread his ashes in the ocean". After thinking for a bit the third man says "My boyfriend was a great lover. Im going to cremate his body too and Im going to mix it inside my home made chili". "Chili?!" ask the other two. "Yes Chili. So a few hours after I eat it, I can feel him rip my asshole one last time.
My Gran died of asbestosis. It was terrible, it took us four months to cremate her.
Two explorers are lost in the desert... ...they're dying of thirst, and have been wandering for days. Finally, off in the far distance, they see a camp of beautiful tents. Hoping that it is not a mirage, they crawl desperately towards it. On arriving, they find that it's a market. They stagger up to the first tent they see, and say to the shopkeeper "Water, please! Water, we're dying of thirst!" The shopkeeper says to them "I am sorry, my friends- I have no water. All I have is this bowl, full of jelly, sponge and custard, topped with cream and shaved chocolate." Perplexed, but undeterred, the explorers stagger to the next stand, only to be met with the same answer. At all of the dozens of stands in this market, all they are offered are these bowls, not a drop of water to be had. As they leave the market, one explorer says to the other "Well, that was very strange". The second explorer replies: "Yes, it was a trifle bazaar".
Why is santa always so happy? Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
I Ordered Pizza From OP Pizza... Turns out they don't deliver.
I like my beer, like I like my violence Domestic
Why doesn't Santa have any kids? Because he only comes once a year.
What's the difference between a rooster and a hooker? A rooster will say cock a doodle do! But a hooker will say any cock will do!
Antique shop A blind man and his seeing-eye dog walk into antique shops. Suddenly, the blind man grips tightly on the dog's leash and begins swinging him wildly over his head. The shop owner yells out "What the fuck are you doing?!" The blind man replies, "Just lookin' around".
Why are Microsoft circuit boards so bad? They use French resistors.
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common? Their biggest hits were the wall.
I walked in on my wife singing the other day. Surprised, I said "Oh, I thought you were the radio." Flattered, she asked "Did you come to listen?" "No," I replied, "I came to turn it off."
A mugger was able to lure a woman very easily behind the building where he always sits... She was right up his alley.
Alzheimer Joke (Not sure if repost.)
want to hear my limousine joke na its too long
The chicken and his books A chicken walks into a library and goes up to the librarian. She's surprised, because she's never seen a chicken in there before. "What can I do for you chicken?", she says. "Buk", replies the chicken. So the librarian hands him a book which he promptly keeps under his wing and waddles out. The next day the chicken is back and again the librarian asks him what he wants. "Buk buk", replies the chicken and the librarian hands him two books that he tucks under each wing and waddles out. A day later, the chicken is back and when the librarian asks him what he wants, he says "buk buk buk". The librarian demands that he return the there books he's already borrowed but the chicken is adamant that he needs "buk buk buk". The librarian reluctantly gives him the book but is more curious what the chicken is doing with all these books. So she follows the chicken at a discreet distance. The chicken walks into a swamp right up to a frog and dumps the books at his feet. "Buk buk buk?" The chicken says. The frog shakes his head sadly and says "reddit".
A man walks into a bar with a large bag... He walks up to the bartender and says, "If I show you the most amazing thing you've ever seen, can I have a free drink or two?" The bartender, having been in the business a while says, "Buddy, if you show me the most amazing thing I've ever seen, you can drink free all day -- I've seen almost everything come through this bar." So the man opens his bag and pulls out a miniature sized grand piano, and an eight-inch tall man who starts playing it masterfully. The bartender, stunned, says, "Well, that is the most the most amazing thing I've ever seen; you can drink for free, but only if you tell me where you got your little friend!" The man says, "That's fine, but we have to wait until no one else is around." Closing time comes, and as the last customer leaves, the bartender says to the man, "So where did he come from." The man pulls a genie lamp out of his bag and says, "Rub it. A genie will come out and grant you any wish." So the bartender rubs it and out comes a genie. "What is your wish?" the genie asks. "I wish for a million bucks!" The bartender replies. "Your wish is granted, sir," says the genie as he returns to his lamp. All of the sudden, an extremely loud noise can be heard from outside the bar. The man and the bartender walk out to see what it is. The parking garage across the street is filled with quacking ducks. "A million ducks?!" the bartender says, "I wished for a million bucks!" "Well" the man replies, "You didn't really think I wished for an 8-inch pianist, did you?"
WTF? Anal bleaching Normally I'd be against such a thing, but some assholes just need to lighten up.
A cheerio named Tom Alright this is a story about a cheerio named Tom. Tom was a good guy just your average run of the mill cheerio. He awoke one morning feeling pretty good about himself, he was gonna have a good day. He drank some milk and headed off to work. About half way to work he noticed a girl standing at the bus stop. His crumbs fell when he saw her. I mean, she was one smoking hot cheerio. She had one grade A circle and a set of double O's. Tom decided to grow some balls. "Hey in Tom, how about you and me head to this party together Friday?" Said tom. " I'm sorry tom I only go with frosted cheerios but thanks for asking!" Said the girl Tom accepted this and felt pretty down about himself and headed to work. Once at work his boss was a bit concerned for him. "Hey Tom what's the matter, what's got you so soggy? ". Said the boss "Oh nothing, this chick just rejected me is all. I'm not good enough for her. " said tom " oh nonsense! You take off early tonight and go home and get ready to win this girl." Said the boss. So Tom took off early and headed home. He felt a little better and busted out some milk and started to pump some calcium. He went to bed feeling pretty good about himself. Come next morning he awoke to find himself a Honey Nut Roasted cheerio. Bam, he's moving up in the world. As nutty as it sounds he decides to ask the girl once more. He drinks his malk and head off to work. Again, he meets the girl and shoots for bowl. " How about now honey wheat? " Said tom " Sorry Tom but I said you have to be a frosted cheerio." Disappointed Tom heads to work. Upon arriving at work his boss simply tells him to go home early and try again. So he does... He got home and pumped some C, drank a milk, took steroids , yeah whatever. He went to sleep hoping for the best. He woke up in the morning and BAM he was a frosted cheerio. He's feeling really good about himself today and gets ready early to see the girl. He jogs and gets to the bus stop before her and waits. Like normal she arrives. " Hey, give me your number cause we're going to the party this Friday." Said a confident tom. " Yes ill go with you, here's my number golden tom. " she said with a wink. Tom heads to work to tell his boss the good news. Upon getting there he is rewarded with a drink and two days of work he missed. But that didn't get him down, no way. Alright, the night passed and its Friday and almost time for the party. Tom called up the girl, Susan , and headed over to pick her up at the bus stop. (Tom never found out she was homeless) They headed to party of a lifetime. It took them a while to find the place but it was obvious when they got close because of the masses of people and loud music. They found a place to park and began to head in. This place was crowded, I mean like everyone was here, even Count Chocula got his booty out of his coffin. They were close to the door when Tom's friend Tony was in the middle of leaving. "Hey Tony you leaving already?" "Yeah Tom, I've been here all day. The people here are so fun, they're GREEEEAAAT!" (Ahh, what a crazy tiger) Tom thought to himself. Tom took Susan's hand and headed in. They danced the night away with cereals of all kinds and pumped with the music. Not even Cinnamon Toast Crunch could see how great this party was. Eventually Susan got tired and sat down with Tom, thirsty. "Hey Tom, can you get me a drink babe?" "Yeah, sure what do you want?" Said Tom. "What do they have" Complained Susan Well, How about some Coke...wait that line's pretty full. What about some Pepsi, ... well damn, that lines even bigger. Oh, what about some Punch? [There's no punchline.] (/spoiler) TL;DR don't spoil, read it.
This joke is similar to the joke about the Koala and the prostitute. It's about a panda. [Koala joke](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/15agq7/a_koala_wakes_up_next_to_a_prostitute/) I saw it in a youtube video and it was supposed to be a riddle, but it's basically a joke. A panda walks into a restaurant and orders some food. After he eats his food, he goes on a rampage, shooting everybody else in the restaurant. As cops arrive, one of them asks "why would a panda ever do this?". He was told to find "panda" in a dictionary. It said "Panda: Eats shoots and leaves".
I got a sweater for Christmas. Wish I'd gotten a screamer or a squirter.
Why are there school shootings? Mr.Garrison: "Let's start the day with a world news question. Why are there school shootings?" The media: "Violent video games?" Mr.Garrison: "Okay, now lets try to get an answer from someone who's not a complete retard.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods? Santa stops at three hoes. (sorry if repost)
So the M25, the M40 and the M1 are drinking in a bar ... They've had quite a few jars and things are getting pretty rowdy. "Do you remember that time we beat up all those crappy little A-roads?" says the M25 "the A14 had to have engineering works for a week!" "Yeah, and that time we rumbled with the M5 and M6, that was classic!" pipes up the M40 "I once punched the M3 so hard, he had to close a lane!" interjects the M1 "anyway, I'm off to the bar, I'll get a round in." After picking up his 3 pints from the bar the M1 turns back towards his table but gets bumped by a thin piece of red tarmac. The drinks go everywhere. The M1 looks at the red tarmac but quickly averts his eyes as he gets stared down. He slinks back to his friends who look on aghast. "Why didn't you nut that little piece of shit?" asks the M40. "Yeah, why did you let that little twat get away with spilling your drink?" says the M25. "Lads" answers the M1 "I don't mind having a fight with the M26 or even the M60, that's a fair fight ain't it? But that guy, that guy's a cyclepath."
I've just received my 14th Christmas card from the Alzheimer's Society.
What did Santa say to the three prostitutes? (Pointing to each in turn) Ho! Ho! Ho!
What part of a vegetable is the most difficult to eat? The roots.
What do you call a Chinese man with a pet cat? A vegetarian.
A man walks out of his office during a thundershower... and, lo and behold, there's an empty taxi right there! He hops in and remarks to the driver how lucky he is to get a taxi in such weather. The cabbie turns to him and says, "You obviously have perfect timing...just like Sheldon." "Who?" "Sheldon Schwartz. Now that guy was a guy who did everything right. He was the luckiest guy in the world. Probably the closest thing to human perfection this planet has ever seen. For example, Sheldon always managed to get a parking spot in front of the door, no matter where he went." "Ahhh, come on! You're exaggerating. Nobody's that lucky!" says the passenger. "Sheldon was," says the cabbie. "Not only was he lucky, but he was an amazing athlete. He easily could have been a golf or tennis pro. He had a voice that would shame Placido Domingo into giving up opera! He was handsome and sophisticated, more than Cary Grant. Boy, you should have seen him in a tuxedo! He was a prime physical specimen- big tall and strong. He was also a terrific businessman. Everything he touched turned to gold. And boy! What a wonderful card player!" "Oh, come on!" said the passenger. "You're making this up!" "No. I'm not. Sheldon had other gifts too. Like, he always knew how to please a woman. He was brilliant also. There was nothing he didn't know, nothing he couldn't fix. Not like me. I change a fuse, and I short out the entire neighbourhood. And boy, did he know how to tell a story! He was the life of every party!" "Wow, he sounds incredible. How did you know this Sheldon?" the passenger says. "Well, I never actually met him," admits the cabbie. "Then how do you know so much about him?" the passenger asks. "After he died, I married his wife."
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use lubricant.
Who's the best person to invite over for Christmas? Charlie Sheen. Because you know it's GUARANTEED to be a white Christmas when he's around.
Timmy's Letter To Santa Dear Santa, How are you? How is Mrs. Claus? I hope everyone, from the reindeer to the elves, is fine. I have been a very good boy this year. I would like an X-Box 360 with Call of Duty IV and an iPhone 4 for Christmas. I hope you remember that come Christmas Day. Merry Christmas, Timmy Jones * * Dear Timmy, Thank you for you letter. Mrs. Claus, the reindeer and the elves are all fine and thank you for asking about them. Santa is a little worried all the time you spend playing video games and texting. Santa wouldn't want you to get fat. Since you have indeed been a good boy, I think I'll bring you something you can go outside and play with.* Merry Christmas,* Santa Claus*** * * Mr. Claus, Seeing that I have fulfilled the "naughty vs. Nice" contract, set by you I might add, I feel confident that you can see your way clear to granting me what I have asked for. I certainly wouldn't want to turn this joyous season into one of litigation. Also, don't you think that a jibe at my weight coming from an overweight man who goes out once a year is a bit trite? Respectfully, Tim Jones * * Mr. Jones, While I have acknowledged you have met the "nice" criteria, need I remind you that your Christmas list is a request and in no way is it a guarantee of services provided. Should you wish to pursue legal action, well that is your right. Please know, however, that my attorney's have been on retainer ever since the Burgermeister Meisterburger incident and will be more than happy to take you on in open court. Additionally, the exercise I alluded to will not only improve your health, but also improve your social skills and potentially help clear up a complexion that looks like the bottom of the Burger King fry bin most days. Very Truly Yours, S Claus * * Now look here Fat Man, I told you what I want and I expect you to bring it. I was attempting to be polite about this but you brought my looks and my friends into this. Now you just be disrespecting me. I'm about to tweet my boys and we're gonna be waiting for your fat ass and I'm taking my game console, my game, my phone, and whatever else I want. WHAT EVER I WANT, MAN! T-Bone * * Listen Pizza Face, Seriously??? You think a dude that breaks into every house in the world on one night and never gets caught sweats a skinny G-banger wannabe? "He sees you when you're sleeping; He knows when you're awake". Sound familiar, genius? You know what kind of resources I have at my disposal. I got your shit wired, Jack. I go all around the world and see ways to hurt people that if I described them right now, you'd throw up your Totino's pizza roll all over the carpet of your mom's basement. You're not getting what you asked for, but I'm still stopping by your crib to stomp a mud hole in your ass and then walk it dry. Chew on that, Petunia. S Clizzy * * Dear Santa, Bring me whatever you see fit. I'll appreciate anything. Timmy * * Timmy, That's what I thought you little bastard. Santa
A few years back, three men - a Canadian farmer, Osama bin Laden and an Aussie are all walking together one day... ... They come across a lantern and a Genie pops out of it. 'I will give each of you one wish, which is three wishes in total', Says the Genie. The Canadian says, 'I am a farmer and my son will also farm. I want the land to be forever fertile in Canada ' POOF! With the blink of the Genie's eye, the land in Canada was forever fertile for farming. Osama was amazed, so he said, 'I want a wall around Afghanistan , Palestine , Iraq and Iran so that no infidels, Americans or Canadians Can come into our precious land.' POOF! Again, with the blink of the Genie's eye, there was a huge wall around those countries. The Aussie says, 'I am very curious. Please tell me more about this wall.' The Genie explains, 'Well, it's about 5,000 feet high, 5oo feet thick and completely surrounds the countries. Nothing can get in or out; it's virtually impenetrable.' The Aussie sits down on his Harley , cracks a beer, lights a cigarette, Smiles and says, 'Fill the fucker with water.'
Why we need armed guards at McDonalds Dirty Ernie was about 8 years old and had just gotten a cowboy outfit for his birthday. His mom took him to McDonalds and he wore the suit. He was ordering his happy meal, and the cashier thought he was cute. She asked, "Do you want a dessert, sweetie?" Ernie pulled out his six-shooter, twirled it on his finger, reholstered and said, "Yes" "Do you want a sundae?" Same thing, pulls out the gun, twirls it, reholsters, and says, "Yep." "Do you want chocolate, strawberry, or butterscotch?" Gun out, twirl, reholster, "Chocolate." "Do you want nuts?" Gun, twirl, holster, "Yep." "Do you want your nuts crushed?" Gun, no twirl, "Do you want your fucking tits blown off?"
Alzheimer Joke (Not sure if repost.)
What has bottom on the top? Legs.
Alzheimer joke (Not sure if repost)
Yo mama's so fat... ...when she died, she had to be preserved in formalda-wide. She then had to be whipped creamated. If she wasn't, they would have had to given her an open-graveyard funeral.
What is a male widow called? single
I once had a large gay following. But then I ducked into an alley and lost him.
A bass player runs into a bar... where the guitar player and the singer are busy setting up. Breathless, he says "We've got a big problem! I locked my keys in the van!" "Whatever, man" says the singer, "We've got a gig to do, we'll worry about it later." "No, you don't understand" said the bassist, "the drummer is trapped inside!"
Three guys are walking around a forest and get captured by indians. One day in the forest, 3 guys, Jack, Joe And Bob, were just hiking along a trail when all of a sudden, a huge pack of Indians attacked them and knocked them out. When they woke up, they were at the leader of the tribe's throne. The chief then said "All of your lives may be spared if you can find ten of one fruit and bring them back to me." So after a while, Jack returned with 10 apples. The chief then ordered him to stick all ten of them up his butt without making any expression at all on his face. He had a little bit of trouble with the first one and started crying while trying to put the next one in. He was soon killed. Later, Joe came in with 10 grapes. The chief soon ordered him to do the same as the first guy. After to the 9th grape, the man started laughing hysterically for no apparent reason, and was killed. Jack and Joe soon met in heaven and the Jack asked Joe, "Why did you start laughing? You only needed one more grape and you'd have gotten away!" Then Joe answered while still laughing, "I couldn't help it. I saw Bob walking in with ten pineapples!!"
They say everyone is unique... Isn't that a bit of a generalization?
A genie in a bottle grants a man all his wishes "But", says the genie, "of all the things you wish, your wife gets double." "I wish for a hundred million dollars!", orders the man. "So it shall be. Your wife gets $200 million", replies the genie. "I wish for a Ferrari!" "A Ferrari for you, two Ferraris for your wife." The man is not satisfied, so after a minute of thinking, he wishes: "Beat me half dead!"
Jesus Saves.... Moses invests.
How do you organize a space party? You Planet.
Ethiopian Jokes [Very, Very Offensive]  How Many ethiopians can you fit into a phone booth? -All of 'em  How do you tell if an ethiopian woman is pregnant? -Hold her up to the light How do you start a riot in ethiopia? -Roll a donut down the street Did you hear about the Ethiopian-American soccer game? -The final score was America 8, Ethiopia didn't. Have you ever had Ethiopian food? -Neither have they Whats the fastest animal in the world? -The Ethiopian chicken What's the best part about marrying an Ethiopian woman? -She'll swallow every time Whats the worst part about marrying an Ethiopian woman? -She's a nigger
A woman is playing golf... ... when she gets stung by a bee. She goes into the clubhouse and tells an employee what has happened: Woman: "Hello, I was stung by a bee." Man: "Where were you stung?" Woman: "Between the first hole and the second hole." Man: "Your stance is too wide."
How do you spot Will Smith on a snowy Christmas morning? Look for Fresh Prince
I like my girls like I like my coffee. In a bag in my freezer
Merry Christmas to everyone tomorrow... ....Today, fuck you.
Wanna hear a joke about the eleventh letter of the alphabet? No? K.
Alzheimer Joke (Not sure if repost.) I'll see myself out...
It's a busy day at the gates of heaven... ... bombings, cancer, shark attacksthe line at the pearly gates is never short. Old St. Peter, fatigued by his endless service, decides to take the afternoon off for some well deserved R&amp;R. However, after shooing the new arrivals off to limbo for the evening, three men remain in line to enter Heaven, insisting on having their stories heard immediately. Not being one to quibble, St. Peter relents, and asks the first to relate the story of his death. "Well I work nights, and I live about a dozen stories up with my wife. For our anniversary I got off work a little early so I could surprise her with breakfast in bed. Only when I enter our apartment, I find her naked and recently ravished, with another man's clothes clearly strewn about the room. So, Pete, I start hunting for the guy, and failing to find him I decide to take five on my balcony, just to cool off. But sure enough, that's where I find him, dangling off the rails, trying to hide. So I pound on his fists, hoping he'll fall, and when he doesn't, I head inside and come back with a wrench. This time there's nothing for it, and he plummets. Only he lands in a bush! I mean, he's stunned, but he'll live. Such was my rage, Pete, that I decide to push my refrigerator over the balcony, crushing him on the spot. Only the strain of it all pops an embolism in my head, and well, here I am." St. Peter whistles through his teeth, thinks for a moment, and says, "Fair enough, it was a crime of passion. It's time for you to take your place in Heaven." St. Peter then addresses the next lingerer, asking for his story. "Well Pete, I woke up bright an early, thirteen stories up. Went out to the balcony for some fresh air, and wouldn't you know it I tripped and fell. I caught the balcony below me, but instead of help arriving my neighbor comes out and starts beating on my fingers. I manage to hold on, but he comes back with a wrench. I figure I'm done for, so I let go. But I land in a bush! I mean, I'm stunned but I'm alright. Then, WHAM!, from nowhere a fridge falls on me. Next thing I know I'm up here." St. Peter, clearly moved by the tale, wastes no time at all deciding. "You!" he says, "Wings, harplet's go!" and moments later the fellow is admitted to Heaven. Turning at last to the final man in line, St. Peter asks him for his story. "So picture this Pete, right, I'm hiding in this fridge..."
Why did the sperm cross the road? ...'Cause I wore the wrong pair of socks this morning.
How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One + all... One to screw in the lightbulb, the rest just bitch that it is a repost.
I had a dream that I killed all the dumb shirtless guys with 'swag' and their duckfaced girlfriends. It was the Yolocaust.
I went to the Space and Air Museum in Indiana... I paid $20 just to see an empty warehouse.
Bear and Bunny One day, a bear and a bunny are fighting. A genie appeared before them and said I will offer you each three wishes if you stop fighting. They both agreed. For the first wish, the bear wanted all of the bears in his forest except for him to be female. The bunny asked for a motorcycle. For the second wish, the bear wanted all of the bears in the country except for him to be female. The bunny asked for a helmet. For the third wish, the bear wanted all of the bears in the world except for him to be female. The genie gave him a look. The bunny started his motorcycle and put on his helmet and said "I want...that bear to be gay" and he drove off.
Why do Mexicans re-fry beans? Ever seen a spic do something right the first time?
A woman was doing a great job driving...
My favorite Christmas joke: Why do Mexicans have tamale making parties on Christmas Eve? So the kids have something to unwrap on Christmas morning.
Why did Sally fall off the swings? She didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's There) Not Sally
I can't believe after all that shit they're back together again... &gt;who? &gt;my ass cheeks.
technically speaking being gay used to make me happy
A policeman and a prisoner play chess. The policeman beats him.
So I was at a book store the other day and I saw a Vietnamese cookbook... It was called "How to Wok Your Dog".
What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair...
Why is Santa's sack so big??? Well, he only cums once a year...
What do you call a four about four? A meta-four.
What's the longest game in the world? Two women playing pool.
Santa's got lot's of things to do, you know. Santa's placing presents under a Christmas tree when he hears a soft voice behind him, "Santa..." He turns around and sees a gorgeous woman peeking out of a bedroom doorway. "Come to bed, Santa" "Ho! Ho! Ho, gotta go, got lots of things to do, you know" She opens the door the rest of the way, revealing a sheer nightie. "Oh Santa, come to bed!" "Ho! Ho! Ho, gotta go, got lots of things to do, you know" With the slightest of movements she slips out of her nightie. As it floats gracefully towards the floor, her absolutely perfect body is revealed. "Santa... Oh Santa... Come to bed Santa." "Hey! Hey! Hey! Gotta Stay! Can't get up the chimney this way."
Holiday Reminder! With the Holidays upon us I would like to share a personal experience with my friends about drinking and driving. As you may know some of us have been known to have brushes with the authorities from time to time on the way home after a "social session" out with friends. Well two days ago I was out for an evening with friends and had several cocktails followed by some rather nice red wine. Feeling jolly I still had the sense to know that I may be slightly over the limit. That's when I did something that I've never done before - I took a cab home. Sure enough on the way home there was a police road block but since it was a cab they waved it past. I arrived home safely without incident. This was a real surprise as I had never driven a cab before, I don't know where I got it and now that it's in my garage I don't know what to do with it. MERRY CHRISTMAS &amp; SAFE TRAVELS TO ALL!!!
My favorite bad Christmas joke Dolf is the weatherman at KTVY, the local CBS affiliate in Kansas City. He's also a closet communist, and has a bit of an anger management problem. During their Christmas Eve broadcast Dolf forecasts a cold and rainy Christmas day, then turns it over to Erin, the anchor he's been dating for the past few months: "Dolf, are you sure its just rain for tomorrow? I bet everyone's praying for a little snow tonight!" "No no Erin, just rain for tomorrow" "Are you sure we can't look forward to a white Christmas?" "NO! RUDOLF THE RED KNOWS RAIN, DEAR!"
Where does Crazy Horse live? In an unstable.
Haters gonna hate. Potatoes gonna potate. Waiters gonna wait. Aligators gonna aligate.
An Israeli Joke An El Al plane lands at Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv the morning of December 25. As they land, the pilot makes the following announcement: "Please remain seated with your seatbelts securely fastened while we taxi to the terminal. To those of you seated with your seatbelts securely fastened, Merry Christmas. To those of you in the aisles getting your suitcases from the overhead bins, welcome home."
The WNBA
A friend was showing me around his house... Friend: "So this is our master bed room..." Me: "...You guys have a masturbate room?"
Why did the snowman have a smile on his face? Because the snowblower was coming down the block.
A small boy has homework.. A small boy has a school home work question to answer, so he asks his father: "Hey Dad, what's the difference between 'theoretically' and 'realistically'?" His Dad thinks for a while and then says "Right-o son......go and ask your mother if she'd sleep with David Beckham for a million quid." The boy trots off and comes back saying "Dad, dad, she said she would! She would sleep with David Beckham for a million pounds." "OK son," says his dad. "Now go and ask your sister the same question." The boy toddles off, and comes back saying "Dad, dad, she said she would too!" So then his dad says "Right, son, now go and ask your elder brother if he'd sleep with David Beckham for a million pounds." The son comes back excitedly saying "Dad! Dad! He said he would too!" "Well there you have it, son," said his dad. "Theoretically we could be sitting on three million quid. Realistically we're living with two tarts and a poof."
Ok, so lets share our Christmas cracker jokes. Mine was awful. A bottle of lemonade fell on a barmans head. Why wasn't he hurt? It was a soft drink.
you are what you eat.. funny, I dont rember eating a sexy beast this morning.
(NSFW) Four nuns go to heaven.... ....and meet st. Peter at the pearly gates. He says to them that before you can enter heaven you must tell me your sins so that i cant rid you of them. So the first nun steps up and says "well St. Peter, i have seen a penis" St. Peter then tells her to wash her eyes with holy water and to enter. The second nun steps forward and says "I have touched a penis" St. Peter tells her to wash her hands and follow the first nun. Now before the third can say anything, the fourth nun turns her around and asks if she may go before her, the third nun asked why and the fourth nun said "Well i don't want to gargle the water after you've sat in it!"
What do Michael Jackson and Santa have in common? They both leave little boys rooms with lighter sacks.
Daddy, I fell in love &amp; want to date this awesome girl! Son:"Daddy, I fell in love &amp; want to date this awesome girl!" Father: "That's great son. Who is she?" Son: "It's Sandra, the neighbor's daughter" father: "Ohhh I wish you hadn't said that. I have to tell u something son, but you must promise not to tell your mother. Sandra is actually your sister. "The boy is naturally bummed out, but a couple of months later ... Son: "Daddy, I fell in love again n she is even hotter!" Father: "That's great son. Who is she?" Son: "It's Angela, the other neighbor's daughter." Father: "Ohhhh I wish you hadn't said that.Angela is also your sister." This went on couple of times and the son was so mad, he went straight to his mother crying. Son:"Mum I am so mad at dad! I fell in love with six girls but I can't date any of them because dad is their father!" The mother hugs him affectionately and says: "My love, you can date whoever you want. Dont listen to him He isn't your father."
A Genie grants a young man 3 wishes A young man stumbles upon a genie one day. The genie agrees to give the man 3 wishes. "I want to get many women", says the man. "I want to be extremely wealthy", continues the man. " I want-", he is cut off by the genie. "You are one of the most selfish people I have granted wishes for, young man. If I were you, I would use your last wish for something for others.", says the genie. "Fine then. For my last wish, I wish that Black people would be more successful.", says the man. "All 3 of your wishes are granted." says the genie. And that is the story of the last time Mitt Romney listened to anybody.
Why did the bicycle fall over?? Because it was two tired...
One of my grandpa's better jokes An old man is walking along the beach one day when suddenly God appears and says to the man, "You know, you've been a good man and faithful to me all your life. I'm going to grant you one wish. What would you like?" The man thought about it and said, "Build a bridge to Hawaii so I can drive there any time I want." God said, "I can't do that, there would be too many problems. Where would I even get all the steel from? Think of something else." So the man says, "Lord, I've been married and divorced 4 times. All 4 of my wives made me feel like I was doing everything wrong when I thought I was right. Help me understand women." God replies, "You want two lanes or four?"
3rd graders 3 third graders, a jew, Italian, and Black decide to have a dick measuring contest as recess to see who has the biggest. The jew whips his out and the Italian kid shouts out "that nothing" and whips his out. The black says "check out this" and he by far has the biggest cock of all. At dinner that night he tells his mom "at recess today we had a contest to see who had the biggest cock and I won, is it because I'm black mom?" the mom replies "no son it's because you're 23"
So there's this humor contest... and a guy enters ten puns hoping to win with at least one. Unfortunately no pun in ten did.
Two potatoes are standing on the street corner, which one is the prostitute? The one that says Idaho
Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween? Because OCT 31 = DEC 25.
If a pun is the lowest form of humor... Does that make a bun the lowest form of bread?
Since they were a married, a couple has only had sex with the lights off. One day, the woman decides to turn the lights on, so while they're doing it, she turns them on and sees that he's shoving a cucumber in her. She yells: Will you tell me what you're doing?! The husband answers: I will if you tell me where our children are from.
Why is a day at the office the same as Christmas? Because you do all the work, and the fat guy with the suit gets all of the credit.
What do bees use to do their hair? Honeycombs!
What do crack addicts sing while caroling? All I Want for Christmas is my two front teeth!
An Irish man walks out of a bar...
So there's this married couple... They've been married for many years, and like a lot of married folk, they have a few inside jokes that they've come up with while married. A special one of these was calling sex, "doing the laundry." So, one night, the husband, Fred, says to his wife Joanne, "Hey, lets do some laundry," while giving her a sly look. She says oh, my back hurts, I have a headache, etc. And Fred just shrugs and continues. Joanne calls back to Fred a few minutes later, "You know what, I'm feeling better. Let's do some laundry." Fred replies, "It was a small load, I did it myself." I'll be here all night
Can you name all of Santa's reindeer? No, they already have names.
Santa went to the doctor's Santa Claus went to the doctor's with a mince pie stuck up his arse. The doctor took one look at it and said "no worries, I can give you some cream for that."
What's the difference between 100 dead babies and a Lamborghini? You won't find a Lambo in a landfill.
What's the difference between a gay mustache and a straight mustache? The smell.
My girlfriend and I broke up last night :( I came home and she was packing her bags. I said, "Honey? What's the deal?" And she said, "I'm leaving you! My dad says you are a pedophile!" And I said... "Well that's a pretty big word for a 7 year old!"
I'm trying to stop... I'm trying to stop masturbating. It's really hard.
I'm pretty white but I don't know any white people jokes. Got any?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick
I gave my family moving pictures for Christmas today. They were great gifs
If the Narwhal Bacons at Midnight... Does the Unicorn Potato at Noon?
What's the difference between a line of naked women and a magician? Well, the magician has a cunning array of stunts...
I've just opened a casino for dogs where they can play roulette, poker blackjack etc... They'll have to go outside for craps though.
So Fabio is endorsing a new line of Fleshlights They're calling them "I can't believe it's not butt."
How many sperm cells do virgins have at any given time? Ohh.. About a handful.
Honeymoon hunting trip Olga and Sven got married. To save money they went to a lodge that just happened to have hunters that same weekend. There they were, riding along Olga, Sven, and the hunters, when the bus got a flat. Sven whispers to Olga: "You want to start the honeymoon now?" Olga says:"We better wait till we get to the hotel." A few miles go by and the bus gets another flat. Sven turns to Olga:" You want to start the honeymoon now?" Olga says: "We better wait till we get to the hotel." The bus must have had rotten tires because the third blowout happened not long after. Olga turned to Sven saying:" I think we should start the honeymoon now!" Sven is surprised and asks:" Why now? I thought you wanted to wait till the hotel?" Olga replies:" I just heard the hunters say that if there's one more holdup, the fucking season is going to be over!"
The Story Of My Life
How many reindeers does Santa Claus have? Santa Claus has 10 reindeers according to the song. &gt;You know **Dasher** and **Dancer** and **Prancer** and **Vixen**, **Comet** and **Cupid** and **Donner** and **Blitzen**, but do you recall the most famous reindeer of all? **Rudolph** the Red-Nosed Reindeer, had a very shiny nose. And if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows. **Olof** the other reindeer used to laugh and call him names
A farmgirl returns home after her first year away at college... Her father picks her up at the train station and starts driving back to the farm. After a while the young lady turns to her father and says, "Daddy, I`ve got to tell you something - I ain`t a virgin no more." Without taking his eyes off the road, the farmer replies,"Sugar-pie, to hear you say that it just breaks my heart. We saved all that money to send you away to get you educated proper, and you`re still using the word "ain`t" ".
How do you kill 100 flies? Smack an Ethiopian kid in the face.
Real Friends A friend will express concern at your constant partying. A good friend will bail you out of jail after a night of rough partying. A real friend will turn to you and say, "That shit was *crazy*!" while awaiting said good friend to bail you out.
What does a Stripper do with her asshole before she goes to work? She drops him off at band practice.
(classic) So an old man walks into a hospital waiting room... An old man walks into a hospital waiting room. The receptionist is rather nosy, and loves to ask people what is wrong with them for all to hear, making the wait uncomfortable. The old man walks up to say he is there for his appointment, when the receptionist asks "So, what are you here for?" "There's something wrong with my dick." "SIR, there are children here! you should say its about a different bodypart like your ear!" "Fine, there is something wrong with my ear." "That's better, what is wrong with it?" "I cant piss out of it."
What do monkeys drink in space? Orangu-Tang.
My grandpa died in Auschwitz He fell down from the watchtower.
At A Bar A very large group of photons walked out of a bar. The bartender looked up, and saw nothing.
I said, "Did it hurt?" She looked puzzled, so I continued. "Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?" She lifted her head slightly and whispered, "Please... call... an ambulance..." That's when I looked up and realized she's actually fallen out of a window.
The Firemen (told by my aunt at Christmas. NSFW) So two firemen are buttfucking in a smoke filled room... The fire chief is outside wondering what is taking so long so he storms upstairs, throws open the the door, sees the men, and screams, "WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON IN HERE?!" One fireman looks away from his business and calmly says, "I'm treating this man for smoke inhalation, Sir." The Chief in a rage screams, "WHY AREN'T YOU GIVING HIM MOUTH TO MOUTH RESUSCITATION? The Firefighter looks over and says, "I did, Sir. How do you think all of this got started?
At the sex shop. A young lad starts his new job in the local sex shop. After a few days his boss has to go on an errand and will be back shortly. So he leaves the young lad to watch the shop. After a little while, a black woman walks in and asks for the price of the dildoes. The young lad replies "40". "I'll take the white one, then. I've never had a white one" after her purchase, she leaves with her new found friend. Shortly after her leaving, a white woman walks in and asks about the price of the dildoes.. again, the young lad replies "40" "I'll take the black one" so off she goes with her purchase. Later in the day, a blonde woman walks in and also asks the price of the dildoes. "40" the young lad replies. "what about that silver one on the desk there?" "Oh, that's a special one, ma'am, that's 80" She agrees to the price and buys the shiny dildo. Towards the end of the young lad's shift, his boss returns from his errands and asks about his day. "Good" he replies, "I sold 2 dildoes for 40 each and I sold your thermos flask for 80"
I have eight words to say to you....
A Chinese woman storms into a bank and up to the front of the line. She slams her hand down on the counter and demands the teller's attention. "My stock," she says, "yesterday was worth one hundred dollar a share! Now is ninety five! Why? You try to rip me off?" The teller smiles and says "No ma'am. Fluctuations." The lady's face turns a bright shade of crimson and she screams "We'll fluc you white people too!"
How do you tell a chemist no? Nitrogen Monoxide
A Frenchmen, an American and a Canadian are walking through the jungle... A Frenchmen, an American and a Canadian are walking through the jungle when they are captured by cannibals. The Chief says, "I have bad news and I have good news. The bad news is, we are going to eat you, make jewelry out of your teeth and make canoes out of your skin. The good news is, we will let you choose how you are going to die." The Frenchmen says, "I'll take the sword" and shouted "Vive la France!" as they ran him through. The American says, "I'll take the gun" and shouted "God Bless America!" as they pulled the trigger. The Canadian says, "Give me two forks." Confused by the request, they hand him two forks and he starts stabbing himself everywhere. Blood poured from every part of his body as he stabbed himself all over. Shocked by horrific scene unfolding in front of him the Chief says, "What are you doing?" The Canadian says, "I'm wrecking your fucking canoes!"
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
A blind Pilot walks into the plane waiving his walking stick.... Passengers, All look at each other in disbelief. Flight Attendant, gets on the PA and announces , "Ladies and Gentlemen as you can see the captain is legally blind, but I assure you he is one of the best pilots with over 6,000 successful flights." Next the Co-Pilot makes his way to the plane and he also is blind and uses his walking stick to make it to the cabin. The passengers seem very concerned at this point. The Flight Attendant again takes the PA and announces, "Ladies and Gentlemen as you all saw the Co Pilot is also blind but rest assured you are in the hands of the second best pilot as he has over 5,000 successful flights." At this point the plane begins to take off from the runway, as it gains speed the passengers grow tenser. The plane accelerates more and more approaching the end of the runway and still has not taken off.... faster and faster..still on the ground, as its almost to the end the passengers look on until eventually the Passengers scream.."OMG WE ARE GOING TO DIE!!!!!!!!" ..., then suddenly the plane lifts off the tarmac and begins its ascent. At this point the Pilot turns to the CoPilot and says, "Holy Crap, the day these fuckers stop screaming we're fucked!!!"
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.
Do you know what makes darks better than whites? Not dropping all your fucking socks
Alzheimer joke (Not sure if repost)
Man comes to psychologist's office He kicks the door open, enters, leans above the desk, and staring psychologist in the eyes says: "Now, tell me, bald ugly little man, why I don't have any friends?"
I had a serious talk with my girlfriend after she told me about her rape fantasy. It actually went pretty well too... Ending with me whispering in her ear, "shut the fuck up or I cut you bitch"
Why you should never end a sentence with a preposition. On his 74th birthday, a man got a gift certificate from his wife. The certificate paid for a visit to a medicine man living on a nearby reservation who was rumored to have a wonderful cure for erectile dysfunction. After being persuaded, he drove to the reservation, handed his ticket to the medicine man, and wondered what he was in for. The old man handed a potion to him, and with a grip on his shoulder, warned, "This is a powerful medicine. You take only a teaspoonful, and then say '1-2-3.' When you do, you will become more manly than you have ever been in your life, and you can perform as long as you want." The man was encouraged. As he walked away, he turned and asked, "How do I stop the medicine from working?" "Your partner must say '1-2-3-4'," he responded, "but when she does, the medicine will not work again until the next full moon." He was very eager to see if it worked so he went home, showered, shaved and took a spoonful of the medicine. Then he invited his wife to join him in the bedroom. When she came in, he took off his clothes and said, "1-2-3!" Immediately, he was the manliest of men. His wife was excited and began throwing off her clothes. Then she asked, "What was the '1-2-3' for?" And that, boys and girls, is why we should never end our sentences with a preposition, because we could end up with a dangling participle.
Two Muffins we sitting in an oven. The first looks over to the second, and says, "man it sure is hot in here"! The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, "MY GOD, a talking muffin"!!!!
So the speed of light, e, and the square root of (-1) walk into a bar... So the speed of light, *e*, and (-1)^1/2 walk into a bar. The speed of light heads over to the bartender and gets his drink pretty quickly, as he's wont to do. Then (-1)^1/2 goes and orders his drink, and *e* just flips out on him. The square root of -1 asks *e* what's wrong, and he says, "I came in here first, and you just went in front of me!" (-1)^1/2 just says, "Hey, man, I'm just following the rules here!" Finally, the bartender gets fed up and says, "No, no, no, you idiot, it's *i* before *e* **except** after c!
A men calls the hotel reception He tells the manager, "I need help, my ex-wife is trying to jump out of the window", the manager replies "Do you want me to send a psychologist?", the men says "No, send the janitor, the window is stuck!"
Cinderella is now nearly 70 years old After having a fulfilling life with the now dead Prince, she happily sat upon her rocking chair watching the world go by from her front porch with a cat called Gizmo for companionship. One sunny afternoon, out of nowhere, appeared the Fairy Godmother. Cinderella said "Fairy Godmother, what are you doing here after all these years?" The Fairy Godmother replies "Well Cinderella, since you have lived a good, wholesome life since we last met, I have decided to grant you 3 wishes. Is there anything for which your heart still yearns?" Cinderella is taken aback, overjoyed and after some thoughtful consideration and almost under her breath she uttered her first wish. "I wish I was wealthy beyond comprehension." Instantly her rocking chair was turned into solid gold. Cinderella was stunned. Cinderella said "Oh thank you, Fairy Godmother!" The Fairy Godmother replied "It is the least I can do. What is your second wish?" Cinderella looked down at her frail body and said: "I wish I was young and full of the beauty of youth again." At once, her wish having been desired, became reality, and her beautiful youthful visage had returned. Cinderella felt stirrings inside her that had been dormant for years and long forgotten vigor and vitality began to course through her very soul. Then the Fairy Godmother spoke again "You have one more wish, what shall you have?" Cinderella looked over to Gizmo, who was now quivering in the corner with fear. "I wish for you to transform my old cat, Gizmo, into a beautiful and handsome young man." Magically, Gizmo suddenly underwent so fundamental a change in his biological make up, that when he stood before her, he was a boy, so beautiful the like of which she nor the world had ever seen, so fair indeed that birds begun to fall from the sky at his feet. The Fairy Godmother said "Congratulations Cinderella! Enjoy your new life." With a blazing shock of bright blue electricity, she was gone. For a few moments Gizmo and Cinderella looked into each others eyes. Cinderella sat, breathless, gazing at the most stunningly perfect boy she had ever seen. Then Gizmo walked over to Cinderella, who sat transfixed in her rocking chair, and held her close in his muscular arms. He leant close to her ear, and into her ear breathed as much as whispered, blowing her golden hair with his warm breath. "I bet you regret having my balls chopped now, don't you?"
Why does Martin Luther King like jam? Because God bless America
My roommate is gay There was this boy who went away to college, and came back for Christmas. Over drinks with his dad by the fireplace, he told his dad: "Dad, I think my roommate is gay." Dad asks: "Well, what makes you think so?" Son replies: "His dick tastes like shit."
So my wife came up to me and said, "Take off my shirt." So I took off her shirt. Then she said, "Take off my skirt." I took off her skirt. "Take off my shoes." I took off her shoes. "Now my hose, bra, and panties." I took them off. Then she looked at me and said, "I don't want to catch you wearing my things ever again."
So, I was talking to my friend who runs a scrap yard. I asked how business was... ... He replied: "pretty good, I've seen a bit of a pickup recently."
NaCl / NaOH The base is under assault!
What did the Frenchman yell on the roller coaster? Yes!
People often say to me, "Eva, how come you're so good at understanding men?" And I usually laugh, glance sideways and whisper, "I used to be one." Then they stop and stare. Doubtful. And then laugh. And then I laugh. And show them my penis.
Dancing? A Muslim couple in Prestatyn, preparing for their wedding, meet the Mullah for counselling. The Mullah asks if they have any last questions before they leave. The man asks, "We realise it's a tradition in Islam for men to dance with men, and women to dance with women. But, at our wedding reception, we'd like your permission to dance together." "Absolutely not," says the Mullah. "It's immoral. Men and women always dance separately." "So after the ceremony I can't even dance with my own wife?" "No," answered the Mullah, "It's forbidden in Islam." "Well, okay," says the man, "What about sex? Can we finally have sex?2 "Of course!" replies the Mullah, "Sex is OK within marriage, to have children!" "What about different positions?" asks the man. "No problem," says the Mullah. "Woman on top?" the man asks. "Sure," says the Mullah. "Go for it!" "Doggy style?" "Sure!" "On the kitchen table?" "Yes, yes!" "Can we do it with all my four wives together on rubber sheets with a bottle of hot oil, a couple of vibrators, leather harnesses, a bucket of honey and a porno video?" "You may indeed!" "Can we do it standing up?" "No." says the Mullah. "Why not?" asks the man. "It could lead to dancing." note : In a lot of religions men can only dance with men, and not with women, not even their wives..... WTF!!!!
Did you hear about the 80 year old man who ran naked through the flower show? ...he won first place for a dried arrangement!
Two greyhound are sitting in a stable They are both boasting to each other about their racing victories. The first dog says "I've won six of my last ten races". The second dog replies with "That's nothing, I've won fourteen of my last twenty races". At this point, a fed up racehorse pokes his head round the corner and says "You're both pathetic, I've won ninety-nine of my last hundred races, and only lost one because I was ill. The dogs look at each other, amazed. "Bloody hell, did you see that? A talking horse!"
A New Study Conducted on Asians (A joke I came up with,but still not sure if a repost) A new study conducted on Asians shows that the long held to be true stereotype is partially false. In fact, only 50% of Asians have small penises. The other 50% are women.
Golfing Gorilla After a long week of work, Frank grabs his clubs and heads to the golf course for some needed R&amp;R. After a few holes Frank catches up to a man and a gorilla standing on the par 5. Frank finds this odd, but strolls up and sets his ball up to tee off. The man with the gorilla looks at Frank and says "Well hi there friend, my name is Steve and this here is JoJo, the best golfer in the world." Frank can't help it and bursts out laughing. "Who in the world has ever heard of a golfing gorilla? That is the most absurd thing I've ever heard." Steve lets slip a wry smile and says, "Well friend, I'm a betting man. I bet JoJo can out golf you for the rest of the course, say 500 dollars?" Frank can't believe his luck, sure that he can easily beat a gorilla at a game of golf. "It's a bet!" And the two men shake on it. "JoJo likes to go first, if that's ok with you friend?" Asked Steve. Frank nodded. JoJo walks over to his bag of clubs, mangles around and eventually pulls out a putter. Frank starts chuckling to himself thinking he just made some easy money. "How long is this hole, about 500 yards?" asked Steve. Frank nodded in agreement. JoJo pranced around his ball for a while, and started scratching his back with the putter. By now Frank was doing all he could to stop from laughing. JoJo finally focused on his ball, took the putter in his one meaty hand and smacked the ball as hard as he could, landing just next to the hole on the green. Frank's face turned white. "Told you JoJo was good! 499 yard hit I'd say." said Steve. Frank was shaking with nerves now. He stepped up and hit his ball less than a quarter way to the green. "Seems JoJo got you nervous friend, tell you what. If you want you can give me 250 now and we will call the bet square." Frank knew he'd never be able to hit as far as JoJo and gave Steve the money. "Care to finish the game friend?" Frank, already dejected about losing 250 dollars, figured at least he could say he played with the world's greatest golfer and agreed to finish. Frank managed to sink his ball in 5 more hits, one over par. JoJo stepped up to the green, determination written on his simian face, the slightest tap ready to sink the ball in the hole. He grabbed the putter out of his golf bag, took it in his meaty hand, and wacked the ball 499 yards.
The voice actor for The Count on Sesame Street passed away this year... I guess his number was up.
A Cab Driver and a Priest are going to Heaven. The Cab Driver steps up to St. Peter, states his name and how he died. St. Peter checks him off the lists, and turns around. He grabs a beautiful silken robe, and a golden staff encrusted in jewels, before turning back around. "Here, enjoy Heaven." The Cab Driver walks away as the Priest steps up to state his name and how he died. St. Peter grabs a Burlap Sack and a Wooden Stick. "Wait, wait, wait a minute." The Priest argues. "I've been a man of God all my life. How did the Cab Driver get more than me?" "Well," St. Peter replied. "When you preached, people slept. When he drove, people prayed."
They asked if I wear boxers or briefs.... Depends
If you're straight, you shouldn't look for lovers in the sea I heard they're algae
What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common? Their last big hit was the wall.
I love walking on the beach with my girlfriend. Until the LSD wears off and I'm just dragging a stolen mannequin around a car park.
The Horny Rooster Horny Rooster A farmer wanted to have his hens serviced, so he went to the market looking for a rooster. He was hoping he could get a special rooster - one that would service all of his many hens. When he told this to the market vendor, the vendor replied, "I have just the rooster for you. Henry here is the horniest rooster you will ever see!" So the farmer took Henry back to the farm. Before setting him loose in the hen house though, he gave Henry a little pep talk. "Henry", he said, "I'm counting on you to do your stuff." And without a word, Henry then strutted into the hen house. Henry was as fast as he was furious, mounting each hen like a thunderbolt. There was much squawking and many feathers flying, till Henry had finished having his way with each hen. But Henry didn't stop there, he went in to the barn and mounted all the horses, one by one and still at the same frantic pace. Then he went to the pig house where he did the same. The farmer, watching all of this with disbelief, cried out, "Stop, Henry, you'll kill yourself." But Henry continued, seeking out each farm animal in the same manner. Well the next morning, the farmer looked out and saw Henry lying there on his lawn. His legs were up in the air, his eyes rolled back, and his long tongue hanging out. A buzzard was already circling above Henry. The farmer walked up to Henry saying, "Oh you poor thing, look what you did, you've gone and killed yourself. I warned you big buddy." "Shhhhh," Henry whispered, "The buzzard is getting closer."
Four sons.. Four guys sitting around having drinks and one of the men had to use the restroom. The three others talked about their kids. The first guy said, "my son is my pride and joy he started working at a company at the bottom. He studied business and began to climb the corporate ladder, became president of the company. Hes so rich he gave his best friend a top of the line Mercedes for Christmas. The second guy said, "damn, that's terrific! my son is also the pride and joy. He started working for a big airline, went to flight school to become a pilot. He became a partner where he owns the majority of its assets. He is so rich that he gave his best friend a brand new jet as a Christmas gift! the third man said. "well that's terrific! my son studied in the best universities and became an engineer, started his own construction company and is now a multimillionaire. He also gave an expensive Christmas gift to his best friend, a 30,000 square foot mansion! the 3 guys congratulate each other just as the 4th guy returned from the restroom and asked what are all the congratulations for? one of the three guys said, "were talking about the pride we feel for the successes of our sons... "what about your son?" they asked the 4th guy. the fourth man replied, " my son is gay and makes a living dancing as a stripper at a nightclub. The three friends said, " that's a shame...what a disappointment. The fourth man replied. " nah, I'm not ashamed hes my son and i love him..and he hasn't done too badly either. Just this Christmas alone he received a beautiful 30,000 square foot mansion, a brand new jet and a top of the line Mercedes from his 3 boyfriends.
What did the mushroom put in his bio for the online dating service? Im a fungi
It works both ways. Last week, my girlfriend and I were getting into bed. As our passion began to heat up she said, "I don't feel like it. I just want you to hold me." I said, "WHAT?! What was that?!" She said, "You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man." She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?" Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The next day I took off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big department store. I walked around with her as she tried on several very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take, so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to go with her new clothes, so I said, "Lets get a pair for each outfit." We went on to the j3welry counter where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. She was so excited. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet. I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey." She was nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation, she finally said, "I think this is all dear, let's go to the cashier." I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No baby, I don't feel like it." Her face went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled, "WHAT?" I said, "Honey! I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman." Just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?" Apparently I'm not having sex tonight either... but at least she knows I'm smarter than her.
So a photon checks into a hotel... Bellman says "Sir may I take your bags?" Photon replies "Nah... I'm traveling light"
A woman has problems with her parrot.. Every time she brings a guy home the parrots starts squawking "Raaawk Somebody's gettin' laid.""Harder,Harder Squawk!" So finally the woman goes to the pet store hoping a female parrot would quiet her dirty birdy. The owner says he has no parrots but has a female owl. The woman thinks nothing of it and figures a bird is a bird and takes it home. That night she brings a guy home. The parrot squawks "Somebody's getting laid." "Who?" goes the female owl and the parrot replies "Not you ya ugly bitch."
I can't stand cripple jokes
An alzheimer joke (sorry if this is a repost)
The new suit There is a man who is afflicted with the most terrible excruciating headaches, every minute of every day for the last 15 years of his life. he goes from doctor to doctor but none can diagnose his condition or provide any lasting treatment. but he doesnt give up hope and one day finally comes across the doctor with the answer. "this isnt going to be easy" the doctor says "i have figured out what is wrong...right now you suffer from an exceedingly rare condition. your testicles are being pushed into the base of your spine, this is pinching a nerve in your spinal column which runs up and registers as pain in your cerebral cortex. the only cure is castration." the man is devastated. "this is a lot to swallow doc, but ive dealt with this pain for too long, i cant handle another day, give me the surgery!" "very well" says the doctor. they set up an appointment and the man goes under the knife ::snip snip:: he wakes up feeling better than he has felt ever. he is ecstatic. he thanks the doctor profusely, leaves the office and decides to plan a vacation to celebrate. his first stop is london. while there, he decides he is gonna do it up. he goes to saville row, finds the finest mens retailer and walks in and announces, "i feel like a miilion bucks and i need a new suit! im celebrating big things!" the tailor takes one look at him, sizes him up and says "lets see, jacket size 43 regular." the man was pretty impressed "thats pretty good knowing my size like that" "well ive been doing this for 50 years" says the tailor, "now for your pants...34x32, and your shirt 16.5-33." again the man was wowed "you do this for 50 years, you can size people up by sight" the tailor says. "youre gonna need some shoes, 11.5 wide" the man again is just floored "50 years..." as theyre checking out, the man says "i got the suit, i forgot to get underwear though." the tailor says "we have some size 34s over there." the man says "aha! i knew you didnt know it all! ive been wearing a size 32 my whole life!" the tailor replies "thats insane! a guy like you wearing 32s will push your balls into your spine and give you headaches!"
You SHOULD know the joke. That's why I'm asking the question. (seriously) There seems to be only ONE joke about a hypnotist. It's been posted too many times here. Basic story is a hypnotist at an old folks home, drops his watch, etc. QUESTION: Is there at least ONE other joke about a hypnotist that exists in the world??
Be Alert The world needs more lerts.
Why are Russians such bad pilots? Because they're always Stalin. Thank you, good night.
A black man, muslim, and an illegal alien walk into a bar... And the bartender asks "What are you having Mr. President?"
A Black man, Mexican, and Jew walk into a bar.. The bartender looks up and says "Get the F*&amp;k out of my bar!" This is my friends favorite go to joke.
A lady gets on an elevator... She says to the man standing there, "T-G-I-F!" to which the man replies, "S-H-I-T." Taken aback the lady repeats, "T-G-I-F! Thank Goodness It's Friday!" The man gives a smug grin and says, "Sorry Honey. It's Thursday."
Don't you hate it when you're typing something and you're thinking about something else so then you subconsciously type what you were tits.
Would you like to dance A guy goes up to this girl in a bar and says," Would you like to dance?" The girl says "I don't like this song, but even if I did, I wouldn't dance with you." The guy says, "I'm sorry, you must have misunderstood me, I said you look fat in those pants."
what do you call a mexican who lost his car? carlos
Do the Dishes This is one of the better jokes I know; Steve had wanted a motorcycle all of his life-a Harley Davidson to be exact, and he finally found one after years of saving on craigslist for relatively cheap. He bought it and the only catch was that it was missing the headstock emblem, and when it rained, he had to rub vaseline on it to prevent it from rusting. So Steve was supposed to go to his girlfriend's house for dinner for the first time to meet her parents, and he decided to impress her by riding his new bike. He got to her house, and she greeted him outside, and after checking out his new ride she told him "Before we go inside, I have to tell you, my family and I got in a huge fight over who should have to clean up from dinner, and so whoever talks first at dinner has to do the dishes. It's a really big mess." When they went inside, it was just as she said. Dishes were piled up on each other, silverware nearly overflowing in the sink... a mess. At dinner, it was silent, just as she said, so Steve decided to have some fun with the situation. He grabbed his girlfriend, and threw her on the table and began to have sex with her in front of her parents. Her parents were stunned and furious, the girlfriend was embarrassed, but satisfied, and yet, no one said a word. He finished his business with her and sat back down and continued his meal. After a few more moments of silence, he decided to really push his luck, and threw the mother down on the table and began having sex with her now. His girlfriend began crying, and the father was visibly about ready to kill him, and the mother, while offended, violated, and angry, was somewhat satisfied. Again, no one said a word. So Steve finished with her, and sat back down in his seat and began eating again. A few moments later, Steve heard a clap of thunder in the distance and the sound of rain slowly starting, and immediately thought of his motorcycle outside. He shoved back from the table suddenly and grabbed the jar of vaseline and stood up in a rush, at which point the father leapt up in a hurry, slamming his hands down on the table and shouted "ALRIGHT! I'LL DO THE FUCKING DISHES!"
What did the termite eat for dinner? A table for two.
Easy way to farm A man robbed a bank and hid out for a year before getting caught by the police but they still don't know where the money is. When he gets caught he's sentenced to 25 years in prison. While in prison he gets a call so he calls his wife and after a little conversation about life she asks, "I don't know when to plant the potatoes, when is a good time to plant the potatoes and should I hire someone to till the garden?" He replies "I'll have the rototilling done by tomorrow, you can plant them right afterwards." Confused she just says "ok." And hangs up the phone. Afterwards while the man is sitting in his cell he tells one of the guards " I can't hold it in any longer, I buried the money in my garden."
Why couldn't JFK become a boxer? Because he couldn't take a shot to the head!
cab drivers A woman and her 11 year old daughter are travelling late night by a cab. They pass by a red-light district. The daughter, not knowing they are prostitutes, is curious as to what the dressed up women are doing out so late on the streets. The mother wanting to preserve her daughter's innocence, tells her that they are working women waiting for their husbands who would drive by and pick them up. At this answer the cab driver turns around and goes - "C'mon lady, the girl is old enough to know the truths of life. Tell her." This obviously piques up the daughters interest and she is adamant on the full explanation. Incensed at the cab driver, the mother goes on to delicately explain the economic and social reasons behind prostitution. After the explanation, the girls has a question - "But mom, what happens to those poor babies born ? " The mother, smilingly patiently says - "They become cab drivers"
A bounty hunter walks . . . . . into the Sheriffs office and asks if he has any wanted posters. " I just got the one today" He replies, "The Brown Paper Kid" The bounty hunter asks "Why do they call him the Brown Paper Kid" "Well he's got a brown paper hat, brown paper shirt, brown paper shoes and brown paper pants" "Okay sure. Whats he wanted for?" "Rustling"
I got banned from the hardware store Every time I walk in, all the stud finders start beeping.
Did you hear about the dyslexic who walked into a bra
Two guys get pulled over... Two guys in a car get pulled over. The cop walks up to the window and says "We're looking for 2 pedophiles". The car window goes up then after a few seconds comes back down. The driver gives a sigh. "Alright, we'll do it"
Wanna hear a pizza joke? I can't tell it to ya, it's too cheesy
Not a Latvian joke Lost job and no money for buy potato. Also is cold. Regret immigrate to Detroit.
Who's the most famous chair tester? Mike Easter
Two moles are going down a tunnel. The one behind says: I think I smell molasses.
A Little Girl Catches Her Parents Having Sex One night, a little girl decides to peek inside her parent's bedroom. She is shocked by what she sees, for she catches a glimpse of mommy bouncing up and down on top of daddy. That very next morning, she asks her mom, "Mommy, why were you hopping up and down on top of daddy?" The mom replies, "Oh, umm, well, I was just trying to help lose weight by pushing the air out of him." The girl says, "Well that won't work mommy." Puzzled, the mother replies, "Well why not, honey?" "Well, every week while you're at work, the pretty girl from across the street comes to blow him back up!" Edit: Grammar correction.
What did the watch say when the necklace, earrings, purse and ring killed the shoes? I won't be an accessory to this.
I went to an Anglican church recently... They do communion a little bit differently there. You just walk up, kneel down, and the priest sticks it in your mouth.
What do a baby and a pancake have in common? If it s black it ain t good
What's blue and not heavy? ...Light blue
So a neutrino walks into a bar... Bartender: "Can I get you a drink?" Neutrino: "No thanks, just passing through."
He sat down and ordered a drink... The bartender said "I'm sorry. We don't serve faster than light particles here." A Nutrino walked into a bar.
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland? Well the flag for one is a big plus. Badum tss.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? IN HIS SLEEVIES! Best used with little kids, or followed by maniacal laughter.
So a bunch of women were playing basketball
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone? He couldn't find the droid he was looking for.
Two men are sitting next to each other on an airplane... One man is visibly flustered. The other man leans over and asks, "Hey, is there something wrong?" The other man replies, "Well, I'm a bit embarassed. When I was purchasing my ticket this morning, the ticket girl had the most wonderful pair of breasts. I was distracted and instead of asking for a round trip ticket to Pittsburgh, I asked for a round trip ticket to Titsburgh." The other man laughs and says, "My friend, it happens to the best of us. Just this morning, I meant to ask my wife to pass the salt, but what came out was 'You fucking bitch, you ruined my life.'"
In West Virginia you don't see too many locals hang-gliding... Bubba decided to save up and get a hang-glider. He takes it to the highest mountain, and after struggling to the top, he gets ready to take flight. He takes off running and reaches the edge--into the wind he goes! Meanwhile, Maw and Paw Hicks were sittin' on the porch swing, talkin' 'bout the good ol' days when maw spots the biggest bird she ever seen! "Look at the size of that bird, Paw!" she exclaims. Paw rises up, "Git my gun, Maw." She runs into the house, brings out his pump shotgun. He takes careful aim. BANG...BANG.....BANG.....BANG! The monster size bird continues to sail silently over the tree tops. "I think ya missed him, Paw," she says. "Yeah," he replies, "but at least he let go of Bubba!"
Two termites walk into a pub... A waitress asks if she can help them. "No," they say, "We'd just like to know, is the bar tender here?"
Why do cowgirls have bow-legs? Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
The Genie Scam To celebrate their 7th anniversary, a man and his wife spend the weekend at an exclusive golf resort. He is a pretty good golfer, but she only just started. When they head down to the golf course after a lavish lunch and a bottle of champagne, they notice a beautiful mansion a couple of hundred yards behind the first hole. "Let's be extra careful, honey," the husband says, "If we damage that house over there, it'll cost us a fortune." The wife nods, tees off and - bang! - sends the ball right through the window of the mansion. "Jesus Christ," the husband says. "I told you to watch out for that house. Alright, let's go up there, apologize and see what the damage is." They walk up to the house and knock on the door. "Come on in," a voice in the house says. The couple open the door and enter the foyer. The living room is a mess. There are pieces of glass all over the floor and a broken bottle near the window. A man sits on the couch. When the couple enter the room, he gets up and says, "Are you the guys who just broke my window?" "Um, yeah," the husband replies, "sorry about that." "Not at all, it's me who has to thank you. I'm a genie and was trapped in that bottle for a thousand years. You've just released me. To show my gratitude, I'm allowed to grant each of you a wish. But - I'll require one favor in return." "Really? That's great!" the husband says. "I want a million dollars a year for the rest of my life." "No problem - that's the least I can do. And you, what do you want?" the genie asks, looking at the wife. "I want a house in every country of the world," the wife says. The genie smiles. "Consider it done." "And what's this favor we must grant in return, genie?" the husband asks. "Well, since I've been trapped in that stupid bottle for the last thousand years, I haven't had sex with a woman for a very long time. My wish is to sleep with your wife." The husband scratches his head, looks at the wife and says, "Well, we did get a lot of money and all these houses, honey. So I guess I'm fine if it's alright with you." The genie and the wife disappear in a room upstairs and make love for an hour, while the husband stays in the living room. When they are done, the genie rolls over, looks at the wife and asks, "How old exactly is your husband?" "31," she replies. "And he still believes in genies? That's amazing!
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb? Let's go ride bikes!
Alternative Les Miserables titles. Just some alternate titles my sister and I thought up while watching the movie. * The Never Ending Story * What If This Movie Was Recorded In Dubstep? * Seriously, There's Only 20 mins. Of Ann Hatheway?! * Why Do All These French People Have English Accents? * Borat? * Oh My God This Movie Has Another Hour Left * Why doesn't Wolverine Just Claw That Guy?
What do male Jews say when they see an attractive female? Challah at your boy
Came up with this lame one... What do you call a posh shop that sells kitchen appliances? Selfridges.
What do we call a wireless mouse? Hamster. Source: **Dad**
What do you do if you see a space man? (my favorite one liner ever) you park your car in it, man
What do you get when you put 50 lesbians and 50 politicians in a room together? 100 people who don't do dick.
A skeleton walks into a bar... And askes for a beer and a mop.
HEY WE DON'T SERVE TACHYONS HERE! A tachyon walks into a bar
A French guest, staying in a hotel in Edmonton... A French guest, staying in a hotel in Edmonton phoned room service for some pepper "Black pepper, or white pepper? " asked the concierge. "Toilette pepper! "
Got one for the guys (semi-nsfw) Here's a joke: "pussy!" ............... Don't get it? Well you never will!
Two men are drinking at a bar... "Shhaaayyy, buddy, what's a 'Breathalyzer'? " asked one drunk to his friend at the next barstool. "Well, I'd have to say that it's a bag that tells you when you've drunk way too much," answered the equally wasted gent. "Ah hell, whaddya know? I've been married to one of those for years! "
Tom takes his girl to a party. Tom took Susan's hand and headed in. They danced the night away with cereals of all kinds and pumped with the music. Not even Cinnamon Toast Crunch could see how great this party was. Eventually Susan got tired and sat down with Tom, thirsty. "Hey Tom, can you get me a drink babe?" "Yeah, sure what do you want?" Said Tom. "What do they have" Complained Susan Well, How about some Coke...wait that line's pretty full. What about some Pepsi, ... well damn, that lines even bigger. Oh, what about some Punch? [There's no punchline.] (/spoiler)
I used to play football for Jerry Sandusky. I started out as a tight end but finished the season as a wide receiver.
Wanna hear a joke about my penis? Actually, never mind. I'll finish, you'll be thoroughly disappointed, and then I'll start crying.
I don't ever have to worry about getting sex... Because I'm married, so I already know I won't. Takes all the guesswork right out of it.
Bar Joke A visibly exhausted and distressed man walked into a bar and ordered a drink. "Long day?" the bartender asks. "No, all days are 24 hours long," the man replied, amazed at how uneducated the bartender was.
What do you call a blonde that dyes her hair brown? Artificial intelligence.
She pays in all ones because her father taught to always ask for small bills. Her father was a bank robber.
What's the best part about dating 26 year olds? There's twenty of them.
"Excuse me," I said to the woman sat in front of me on the bus, "You have some semen on the back of your jacket." "I'm sure it's not semen," she said, "It's probably yogurt." "It's definitely semen," I said, "I don't ejaculate yogurt."
Three elderly men are sitting in an empty bar, swapping stories about getting old. The first old man says,"My mind is going, I tell you. My kids come over, and I can remember their faces, but I forget all of their names..." and clangs his beer glass on the bar. The second old man says,"Tell me about it! Why, I can remember all of my kids' names, but I always forget their faces..." and slams his whiskey glass on the bar. The third old man bursts into laughter, knocking his stein back and forth on the bar. "Man, you poor saps got it bad! Listen, I can remember the faces **KNOCK KNOCK**, I can remember the names **KNOCK KNOCK**..... Come in!
A physicist walks into a bar and he orders a beer and turns to the stool next to him and offers it a beer. He finishes his drink and then leaves. The next day he returns to the bar, orders a beer, and offers a beer to the stool next to him before finishing his drink and leaving. This continues on for a week before the bartender finally asks, " Why in the world do you keep offering that stool a beer?" The physicist replies " The laws of physics dictate that there is a slight possibility that at some point the matter above this stool could reform into a beautiful woman, who would then accept the drink." The bartender is puzzled for a second before replying " The bar is full of beautiful women. Why not see if they will accept your drink?" The physicist quickly laughs before saying " Yeah, but what are the odds of that happening?"
I'm suprised that there aren't more fat lesbians... All they ever talk about is eating out.
A book fell on my head today... I've only got my shelf to blame.
My grandad always used to say to me that the best part of fighting is the make-up sex. Which would probably explain his short lived career as a boxer.
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers? Well hung.
if your little ladies not so little anymore... you may want to think about what you can do to help. Here's some advice i got from a certified physical trainer: All you need to do is have your wife walk two miles every morning, and then another three miles every night, and in just seven short days that fat bitch'll be thirty-five miles away
There is no 'I' in 'Denial'
I don't feel like it Last week, my girlfriend and I were getting into bed. As our passion began to heat up she said, "I don't feel like it. I just want you to hold me." I said, "WHAT?! What was that?!" She said, "You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man." She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?" Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The next day I took off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big department store. I walked around with her as she tried on several very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take, so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to go with her new clothes, so I said, "Lets get a pair for each outfit." We went on to the j3welry counter where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. She was so excited. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet. I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey." She was nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation, she finally said, "I think this is all dear, let's go to the cashier." I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No baby, I don't feel like it." Her face went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled, "WHAT?" I said, "Honey! I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman." Just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?" Apparently I'm not having sex tonight either... but at least she knows I'm smarter than her.
I like my coffee like i like my women cold and bitter
You Are A Disrespectful Pig! The Wife Came Home Early From Work And Found Her Husband In Bedroom Doing Love To A Very Attractive Young Woman. She Cried: "You Are A Disrespectful Pig! How Dare You Do This To Me  A Faithful Wife, The Mother Of Your Children! I'm Leaving You. I Want A Divorce Right Away!" Husband Replied: "Hang On Just A Minute Love So At Least I Can Tell You What Happened." She Sobbed: "Fine, Go Ahead, But They'll Be The Last Words You'll Say To Me!" And The Husband Began  Well, I Was Getting Into The Car To Drive Home, And This Young Lady Here Asked Me For A Lift. She Looked So Down And Out And Defenseless That I Took Pity On Her And Let Her Into The Car. I Noticed That She Was Very Thin, Not Well Dressed And Very Dirty. She Told Me That She Hadn't Eaten For Three Days. So, In My Compassion, I Brought Her Home And Warmed Up The Enchiladas I Made For You Last Night, The Ones You Wouldn't Eat Because You're Afraid You'll Put On Weight. Since She Needed A Good Clean-Up, I Suggested A Shower, And While She Was Doing That, I Noticed Her Clothes Were Dirty And Full Of Holes, So I Threw Them Away. Then, As She Needed Clothes, I Gave Her The Designer Jeans That You Have Had For A Few Years, But Don't Wear Because You Say They Are Too Tight. I Also Gave Her The Underwear That Was Your Anniversary Present, Which You Don't Wear Because I Don't Have Good Taste. I Found The Sexy Blouse My Sister Gave You For Christmas That You Don't Wear Just To Annoy Her, And I Also Donated Those Boots You Bought At The Expensive Boutique And Don't Wear Because Someone At Work Has A Pair The Same. The Husband Took A Quick Breath And Continued: "She Was So Grateful For My Understanding And Help That As I Walked Her To The Door, She Turned To Me With Tears In Her Eyes And Said, "Please ... Do You Have Anything Else That Your Wife Doesn't Use?"
A chemist is surprised by a pan of old-fashioned magnesium photo flash powder going off in front of his face. "MgO!" He shouts, temporarily blinded.
How can you tell Russians are bad at driving stick? cause their cars are always Stalin
Pedophile and a little boy are walking into the woods when the little boy says, "It's getting dark and scary out here. I'm afraid." The pedophile says, "You're afraid? I have to walk out of here by myself."
I saw a girl with semen on her left cheek and told her. She then starts rubbing her right cheek and i told her "No, it's on the other side". She then open up her mouth and starts rubbing on the right inside.... Yeah i know, very old joke. Just remembered it because of another semen joke posted here.
Why do Meth Heads like to do it doggy style? so they can both stare out the window.
Three people are discussing what has the strongest aftertaste. A straight woman, a straight man, and a lesbian are all at a table. "The strongest aftertaste, bar none, is dick." Said the straight woman. "I wouldn't know that, but vagina has a pretty strong savoriness." Said the lesbian. "What about you?" "Oh, I don't know." Confided the straight man. "Probably bacon."
Girls don't fart or poo That's why they are full of shit.
Firetruck game Boy: Lets play the firetruck game. Girl: How do you play? Boy: I run my fingers up your leg, and you say, "red light" when you want me to stop. Girl: Okay :) *Few seconds later* Girl: RED LIGHT!! Boy: Firetrucks don't stop for red lights ;)
A carton of milk and eggs My wife said: "Please go to the store and buy a carton of milk and if they have eggs, get six." I came back with 6 cartons of milk She said, "why in the hell did you buy six cartons of milk" "They had eggs"
So I was shopping online for antique guns..... and I got to the World War II section. I selected guns of French origin. They were all in mint condition.
Why do kangaroos hate rainy days? Because all the kids have to play in side.
Why did the cowboy sleep with his saddle? In case of any night mares!
What did the candle say when it couldn't sleep due to his own candlelight? There ain't no rest for the wicked
Sally Why did Sally fall off the swing? Sally has no arms. Knock knock Who's there? Not Sally.
Little Johnny The mailman saw little Johnny sitting on the side of the street with an old coffee can Mailman: What do you have in that can there? Johnny: dog shit Mailman: what're you gonna do with a can full of dogshit? Johnny: I'm gonna make me a mailman Peeved the mailman walks over to the town police officer and tells him what Johnny had said and asks the cop to go ask to get the same results So the cop walks over to Johnny Cop: Hey Johnny what'd ya got in that can? Johnny: dogshit Cop: oh yeah? What are you gonna do with that dogshit? Johnny: I'm gonna make me a mailman Cop: oh you don't have the balls to tell me you're gonna make a cop? Johnny: No, I just don't have enough dogshit.
One day a mother skunk Told her two baby skunks, In and Out, to go outside and play. The two baby skunks did so and where having a great time. The played tag, follow the leader, and tried catching bugs down by the river. Then Out had an idea. "Let's play hide and seek," Out said. "I'll look for you first!" Out hid his eyes and began counting slowly all the way until 100. "Ready or not, here I come," Out shouted. He rushed around all the usual spots but couldn't find his sibling. Everywhere he looked and found nothing made him a little more nervous. After an hour of screaming for his sibling he ran back home crying. He burst through the door and his mother looked at him. "Out, what's the matter?" she asked. "We were playing hide and go seek and I can't find In," he replied through his tears. The mother smiled and patted him on the head. "Wait right here," she said and walked out the door. Not even a minute later she walked back in with her other baby skunk. Out looked at her with amazement. "Mommy, how do you find him so quick?!" he asked. "Oh, it was easy," she replied. "In stinked."
Taking grandson fishing... A grandfather was taking his grandson fishing one day. While driving to the lake the grandfather grabbed a beer out of the cooler and popped the top. Grandson: "Grandpa, grandpa, can I have a drink of your beer?" Grandpa: "Well, let me ask you a question first. If you pull your pecker down is it long enough to touch your asshole?" Grandson: "No sir" Grandpa: "Well you can't have any of grandpa's beer until your old enough that it will." A little while later, grandpa takes out a cigar and lights it up. Grandson: "Grandpa, grandpa, can I taste your cigar?" Grandpa: "Well, i'll ask you again. If you pull your pecker down is it long enough to touch your asshole?" Grandson: "No sir" Grandpa: "Like I said before, you can't have any of grandpa's cigar either until you are old enough that it will." A few miles later, the grandson reaches in his pocket and pulls out some cookies in a ziplock baggie. Grandpa: "Hey boy, are those some of your grandma's home baked cookies?" Grandson: "Yes sir" Grandpa: "I sure love grandma's cookies, let me have a couple of those, grandpa sure is hungry." Grandson: "If you pull your pecker down will it touch your asshole?" Grandpa: "It sure does" Grandson: "Good, because you can go fuck yourself, these are my cookies."
When a man talks dirty to a woman... The man is charged for sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, He's also charged $3.95 per minute.
Why I am not a Scientologist Scientology, in a nutshell, says you are infested with tiny alien souls that need to be plucked out one by one through meditation and giving Tom Cruise hundreds of thousands of dollars. I don't think I could ever be a Scientologist because if I really wanted to help people get little souls out of their bodies, I would just open up an abortion clinic.
What does the Pope dip his chips in? Holy Guacamole
Tell this as a real story, and you will get a groan out of pretty much everybody. About 200 dead crows were found near Regina, and there was concern for Avian Flu. They had a Bird Pathologist examine the remains of all the crows, and he confirmed the problem was definitely NOT Avian Flu, to everyone's relief. However, he determined that 98% of the crows had been killed by impact with trucks, and only 2% were killed by car impact. The Province then hired a Ornithological Behaviorist to determine the disproportionate percentages for truck versus car kill. The Ornithological Behaviorist determined the cause in short order. When crows eat road kill, they always post a "look-out Crow" in a nearby tree, to warn of impending danger. His conclusion was that the lookout crow could say "Cah," but he could not say, "Truck."
Did you guys hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.
A ship went down on a reef... There were only three survivors; a 25 year old man, a dog, and a cat. They were washed up on a deserted tropical island. Food and water were no problem, but after a month the man started to get the urge to have sex. As there were no other people, he was forced to choose between the dog and the cat. Naturally, he chose the dog - man`s best friend. But the cat had a jealous streak, and would always interrupt the man when he tried to have his way with the dog. The man tried all kinds of strategies, but it was no use. The cat never allowed him a chance to get it on with the dog. Then one day, another ship went down on the reef. From this ship there was only one survivor; a beautiful 22 year old woman. She almost drowned in the surf as she made her way to the island, but the man rescued her - effectively saving her life. The woman was so grateful that she offered to do anything for the man. "Anything?" asked the man, already thinking about his carnal desires. "Yes. Absolutely anything. I`ll do anything to show you my appreciation. For you are my savior," she replied. "Well then", said the man, "I`d be delighted if you could take the cat for a walk for half an hour."
Why did the computer overheat? Because windows wasn't open.
A journalist went to an Italian convent in 1946 to get another angle on WW2... The journalist asked one of the nuns there to tell her story. "Oh...what horrible memories. It was terrible for us here. First all the Italian soldiers came and they raped all the nuns except Sister Maria. Then the German soldiers and they raped all the nuns except Sister Maria. Finally the American soldiers came and they raped all the nuns except Sister Maria." The journalist was shocked at these revelations, and promised to report the story to the world and help bring as many soldiers to justice. But, before leaving, the journalist inquired as to how Sister Maria was able to avoid the shocking treatment. The nun replied, "Well...Sister Maria...she`s not really into that kind of stuff."
How can you tell when a woman has an orgasm? Who cares?
Why was the hipster wearing a sweater in July? Because he was cold before it was cool.
Pete and Jenny were long time patients at the mental institution... ...and they had formed a relationship. They were walking past the pond, Pete fell in and sank, Jenny, with no thought for her own safety, dived to the bottom of the pool and rescued him, she also gave him the kiss of life. A few days later Jenny was summomed before the board of the hospital and was told that seeing how she had the sense to dive in to rescue Pete she could not be classed as insane, she was going home the day after. When the nurse was helping her pack, she gave Jenny the bad news..........After you had rescued Pete, he was foubd in the hospital ward, dead, hanging from a beam ! Jenny replied, "yes, I hung him up to dry,can I go home now ?
A woman sees her doctor because she bruised her cervix. "Ma'am, it seems your cervix has been through massive trama. It seems it has bean damaged beyond repair. I have some bad news you may want your husband here for. Isnt he that guy who always puts on the church puppetshows?
Cop pulls over a car for driving too slow Cop walks up to the car &amp; sees an elderly woman behind the wheel. Cop: *Excuse me ma'am, can you tell me why you were driving so slow on the highway?* Driver: *Officer, I was only going the speed limit. There was a sign back a half mile that said the it was 14mph.* Cop: *Ma'am, the speed limit is 55mph, the sign you saw was for this road, Highway 14.* Driver: *Oh my, that makes a lot of sense now. I apologize &amp; I'll make sure I look closer at the signs.* The cop then looks around the car &amp; notices that all of the passengers look like they've seen a ghost. Cop: *Is everyone alright?* Driver: *Oh yes. They'll be fine. They always have that look on their face after I drive on memorial highway.* Cop: *You mean highway 151?* ------ (Edit spelling / punch line. re: comments)
how did the gamete get rich? because sex cells... Thank you thank you i'll be here all week.
A door to door salesman... A door to door salesman was making his rounds. he stops at one house and knocks on the door. a little boy of about eight opens the door, cigarette in one hand, bottle of beer in the other. "oh," says the salesman, "little boy, is your mummy home?" the boy replies "well what the fuck do *YOU* think?"
Please remove shoes in the foyer first. Second, your pants.
How do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman? Shit in her cunt.
Pinocchio has been getting complaints from his girlfriend.... Pinnochio had been getting complaints from his girlfriend. "Every time we make love," she said, "I get splinters. " So Pinocchio went back to his maker, Gipetto the carpenter, for advice. "Sandpaper," said the carpenter. "That's what you need. " So Pinocchio took some sheets of sandpaper and went home. A few weeks later the carpenter bumped into Pinocchio again. "How are you getting on with the girls now? " he asked. "Who needs girls? " said Pinocchio."
Always remeber the Alamo An Englishman, Frenchman, Mexican, and Texan were flying across country on a small plane when the pilot comes on the loud speaker and says " We're having mechanical problems and the only way we can make it to the next airport is for 3 of you to open the door and jump, at least one of you can survive " The four open the door and look out below. The Englishman takes a deep breath and hollers "God Save The Queen " and jumps. The Frenchman gets really inspired and hollers "Viva La France " and he also jumps. This really pumps up the Texan so he hollers "Remember the Alamo " and he grabs the Mexican and throws him out of the plane."
A chemistry lab is a lot like a party... Some people drop acid while others drop the base.
Jokes about the handicapped aren't funny No one knows what it's like to not walk a mile in their shoes.
I went to the hairdresser and she asked how I'd like my hair cut. In silence.
Lose 20 Lbs. Guaranteed! There guy goes to a weight loss clinic and says he needs to lose 20 lbs. The receptionist sends him upstairs, where he finds a beautiful naked woman with a sign that says "If you catch me, you can screw me." An hour later, he emerges, sated and 20 lbs. lighter. A month later, he returns and needs to lose 50 lbs. The receptionist sends him upstairs again, but this time there are two girls with the same sign. A day later, he comes out 50 lbs. lighter. A year later, he returns and needs to lose 100 lbs. He gets sent upstairs again, where he finds a huge gorilla with a sign that reads "If I catch you, I screw you."
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now? Scratching the hell out of his coffin lid.
Women's rights.
Stairway of Laughter A blonde, A brunette, and a red-head all died in a car crash, and they all went to heaven at the same time. They arrive at the gates of heaven, when God appears and tells them they must pass a laughter test, if they fail, they will be sent to hell. The objective was to climb 100 stairs without laughing. Each stair will have it's own joke. The Brunette goes first, and laughs at the 46th stair. The Red-Head goes second, and laughs at the 77th stair. The Blonde, makes all the way to the 100th step, when she suddenly bursts out with laughter. God asks "Why are you laughing now?" The Blonde says "I just got the first joke!".
The Yin and Yang of dumplings and kebabs An old asian man operates a store on the bottom floor of his house where he sells dumplings and kebabs. The dumplings are known for being the best in the entire city, but the kebabs are completely disgusting. The strange thing is, whenever you order a dumpling, you must also get a kebab with it. When people try to order just a dumpling, the old man straight up refuses. Many people avoid the shop for this reason. One day, the man's nephew comes in, and asks "uncle, you know everybody loves your dumplings and hates your kebabs, right? You could probably get more business if you only sold dumplings." The old man leans in with a knowing smile, and says "I know that everyone loves my dumplings and hates the kebabs... But for all the light in this world, there must also be dark. Where something good is found, there must also be something bad. It is the way of the universe. Also this house has no toilet."
I asked a nerd what his New Year's resolution was. He said, "1920x1080".
What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on.
Where your color, your size and your status does not matter TotD: This holiday seasons there is one place where different colors and different sizes come together; where physical defects and unattractiveness are transcended and where the lonely can find love- the 70% off section. @forcedtobefree #jokes
Did you hear about the Aggie that moved to Oklahoma? Raised the I.Q. of both states.
I was thinking of buying the black iPad mini.. Apparently, it runs faster.
How To Lose 250 pounds of ugly fat in one day Get a divorce.
Why are a German vegetarians pessimists? Because they always fear the wurst.
Business Trip to Japan An American businessman was in Japan. He hired a local hooker and was going at it all night with her. She kept screaming "Fujifoo, Fujifoo!!!", which the guy took to be pleasurable.. The next day, he was golfing with his Japanese counterparts and he got a hole-in-one. Wanting to impress the clients, he said "Fujifoo". The Japanese clients looked confused and said "No, you got the right hole."
Jokes about the handicapped aren't funny. They're lame.
Do you know the difference between pink and purple? Your grip.
Pain Transfer Machine A married couple went to he hospital to have their baby delivered. Upon their arrival, the doctor said he had invented a new machine that would transfer a portion of the mother's labour pain to the father. He asked if they were willing to try it out. They were both very much in favour of it. The doctor set the pain transfer dial to 10% for starters, explaining that even 10% was probably more pain than the father had ever experienced before. But as the labour progressed, the husband felt fine and asked the doctor to go ahead and bump it up a notch. The doctor then adjusted the machine to 20% pain transfer. The husband was still feeling fine. The doctor checked the husband's blood pressure and was amazed at how well he was doing. At this point they decided to try for 50%. The husband continued to feel quite well. Since it was obviously helping out his wife considerably, the husband encouraged the doctor to transfer ALL the pain to him. The wife delivered a healthy baby with virtually no pain. She and her husband were ecstatic. When they got home, the mailman was lying dead on their porch.
Not sure if reposting but I thought this was funny. So there are three girls in line for cucumbers. The first girl gets to the front of the line and says " I want a long and skinny cucumber". The second girl came up and said " I want a short and fat cucumber". The last girl came up and said " I just want a cucumber that's good for making a salad."
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
What i've learned from living in the south (US)... -A possum is a flat animal that sleeps in the middle of the road. -Onced and twiced are words -Its not a shopping cart, its a buggy -People actually grow and eat Okra -You don't push buttons, you mash them -You switch from A/C to heat in the same day -There are 10,000 types of spiders, 11,212 of them live in the south -Going to Wal-Mart is a favorite pasttime known as "Goin' to Wally World" -If it grows, it'll stick ya. If it crawls, it'll bite ya
I was in Ethiopia and I thought I may as well have a threesome... ...you know - two birds, one stone.
The Old Ass Scratchin' Joke [I went ahead and told my favorite joke from when I was a kid on my latest youtube video.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vhYiIMX-lo&amp;t=16m12s) I'm not sure who will have the patience to listen to it, but I love this joke. :)
Four men are watching a street performer An Englishman, a Frenchman, a Spaniard, and a German are all standing watching a street performer juggle. The juggler notices that the four men have a poor view, so he stands up on a large wooden box and calls out, "Can you see me now?" And they replied, "Yes." "Oui." "Si." "Ja."
I laughed in r/funny
What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now? Kids.
A woman's husband had recently bought a computer and was having trouble using it A woman's husband had recently bought a new Windows 8 laptop, and was booting it up while the woman was cooking breakfast in the kitchen. He couldn't for the life of him figure out how to work the damned software. He called to his wife, "Honey, come into the living room and help me configure this thing!" The woman then left the kitchen.
I Hate everyone! Angry guy: I HATE EVERYONE Random guy: Sir, how can you hate me? You dont even know me.. Angry guy: Hello my name is George.. Random Guy: Im Max.. George: OK, now fuck you Max
The Bathtub Test During a visit to the mental asylum, I asked the director how do you determine whether or not a patient should be institutionalized. "Well," said the director, "we fill up a bathtub, then we offer a teaspoon, a teacup, and a bucket to the patient and ask him or her to empty the bathtub." "Oh, I understand," I said. " A normal person would use the bucket because it's bigger than the spoon or the teacup." "No," said the director. "A normal person would pull the plug. Do you want a bed near the window or over near the heater?"
Who seduces all the ladies at the swimming pool? Don Juan de Marco Polo.
Want to hear the one about potassium? K.
Talking to women A newlywed man was talking with an old war veteran about what to excpect in his upcoming marriage. After talking about several different topics the veteran turns to the newlywed and says the most complicated thing that you will come across in marriage is communication. Puzzled the newlywed askes why that is so. The veteran explains by saying that talking to a woman is a lot like walking in a minefield. You hope its clear but you never know when you are going to set her off.
I really could use some steroids. My balls are just way too big.
Late for work! Sal: Ha Rick. Can u check on Chris because he didn't show up to day. Rick: Sure ill call him now. Sal: Thanks. Rick: Ring, ring, ring... A kid: Hello. Rick: Hello little boy is your dad home? A kid: Yes. ..................... Rick: Well may I speak to him? A kid: No. Rick: Why not? A kid: He's talking to the policemen. Rick: Well then can I talk to your mom? A kid: No, she's talking to the policemen to. .....Sirens.....dogs barking.....helicopter blades spinning Rick: what's am I hearing in the background? A kid: I think the SWAT cars, search dogs, and the search helicopter are here Rick: What are they looking for? A kid: Me.............
One day On Reddit I would love to see "I'm a schizophrenic... Ask us anything!"
Kayne West Knocked Up Kim Kardashian No punchline needed.
First post: unconditional love test Lock your wife/husband in the trunk of your car for an hour, then your dog. Guess who's still happy to see you...
Did you hear about the sexually promiscuous deaf person? Turns out he got hearing aids.
A man walks into a music store and asks the assistant "I have really enjoyed Beethoven's Concerto. Have you got some of his earlier work, concertA to concertN?"
My 12 year old cousin came up with this one. I was driving down the highway with my asian friends the Tok family. When cops pull me over for speeding. I was making excuses, and trying to explain my story when one of the cops says "Cut the small talk."...They arrested me after I walked towards Grandma Tok with a pocket knife.
I'm in a band called Missing Cat. You've probably seen our posters.
So I'm eating this bitch's pussy.. ..and I decide that I want to move a little south and eat her asshole for a while. After getting my tongue like waaaaay up in her I come across the undeniably gamey/salty/bitter taste of stale donkey cum. After choking back my gag reflex, I was all, "God dammit, Grandma!! Is that how you DIED??!!"
What gets better with age? Necrophilia
A Shlep on the Beach A woman is at the beach with her grandson when a huge wave suddenly washes the boy out to sea. Grief-stricken, she falls on her knees, looks up to the sky and implores: "Oh God, return my grandson to me and I'll give all my money to the synagogue and devote my life to prayer and good works!" Suddenly, the clouds part, the sky clears and another wave washes the boy back on the beach, completely unharmed. Once again the woman looks up to the heavens and cries out: "He had a hat!"
The first rule of thesaurus club is... You do not talk, speak, communicate, orate, or converse about thesaurus club
Seeing as it's almost time for New Years Celebrations for myself Tonight I am an exorcist, as I shall be ridding the house of all Spirits.
Handicap jokes are getting old And quite honestly, they're lame as fuck.
Two Men walk into a bar... "Knock, Knock!"...... "Who's there?" says one. "It's the doctor, you two walked into a pole, now tell me if your head hurts."
What do you call a plane on a secret mission? In disguise.
What is Santa's favorite band? Slayer.
A pirate walks into a bar... The bartender looks up and says "Do you know you have a steering wheel sticking out of your butt?" The pirate responds, "Yarrr, its driving me nuts."
Rick Astly will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection except for one... He's never gonna give you "UP".
Mujibar get a job in India Mujibar was trying to get a job in India . The Personnel Manager said, 'Mujibar, you have to show you are proficient in the English language. Please make a sentence using the words: Yellow, Pink, and Green.' Mujibar responded, 'The telephone goes green, green, I pink it up, and say, Yellow! This is Mujibar.' Mujibar now works at a call center. No doubt you have spoken to him.
I had diarrhea till 5am It was shitty
Sentry A new soldier was posted guard at the gate to the American Base in Afghanistan. His orders were clear: All vehicles had to stop to show ID unless it had a special placard on the dashboard inside the windshield. A black SUV came up with a general seated in the back. The car did not immediately stop, intending to drive through the gate area. The sentry yelled at the drive to stop, almost getting run over as he jumped in front of the car. The driver, a corporal, said, "I've got General Wheeler in the back." "I'm sorry, I can't let you through. Since you don't have a sign on your dashboard, I have to see some ID." The general said, "Drive on!" The sentry said, "Hold it! You really can't come through. I have orders to shoot if you try driving in without showing ID." The general repeated, "I'm telling you, son, drive on!" The sentry walked up to the rear window and said, "General, I'm new at this. Do I shoot you or the driver?"
Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson were going camping. They pitched their tent under the stars and went to sleep. Sometime in the middle of the night Holmes woke Watson up and said: "Watson, look up at the stars, and tell me what you see." Watson replied: "I see millions and millions of stars." Holmes said: "And what do you deduce from that?" Watson replied: "Well, if there are millions of stars, and if even a few of those have planets, it's quite likely there are some planets like earth out there. And if there are a few planets like earth out there, there might also be life." And Holmes said: "Watson, you idiot, it means that somebody stole our tent."
It's the worst night of the year for my dog and cat... Their names are Pots and Pans.
You think you have a bad job? I'm working at the Return Desk at Toy R' Us in Connecticut
So i was having sex with another man the other day... And he tried to kiss me after. Pfffff, what a faggot.
At a cocktail party... an obstetrician's wife noticed that another guest, a big, oversexed blonde in a slinky red dress, was making overtures at her husband. As it was a large, informal gathering, she tried to laugh it off, until she saw the woman begin whispering into her husband's ear while her hand caressed his back. At once she confronted the blonde bimbo and screamed, "Look, lady! My husband just delivers babies, he doesn't INSTALL them!"
A pirate walks into a bar... With a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender notices and says "sir, are you aware you have a steering wheel down your pants?" To which the pirate replies "Arr, it's driving me nuts."
some original (as far as i know) knock knock jokes that don't use bad puns fasten your seat belts Knock Knock Who's there? the police the police who? sir you are obviously high, we are going to have to detain you for questioning Knock Knock Who's there? if you could just sign here for your package if you could just..... thank you(proceed to walk away, go to car, and drive away) Knock Knock Who's there? the police the police who? sir this is no time for jokes, your son is dead
Good Grammar is the Difference... ...between * Helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and * Helping your Uncle jack off a horse
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing nothing but saran wrap The psychiatrist says "Well, I can clearly see your nuts."
Why does a woman smile when walking down the aisle? She knows that she no longer has to give blow jobs.
Political Speech for Logophiles. (1 page) Guaranteed Effective All-Occasion Non-Slanderous Political Smear Speech By Bill Garvin MAD #139, December 1970 My fellow citizens, it is an honor and a pleasure to be here today. My opponent has openly admitted he feels an affinity toward your city, but I happen to like this area. It might be a salubrious place to him, but to me it is one of the nation's most delightful garden spots. When I embarked upon this political campaign I hoped that it could be conducted on a high level and that my opponent would be willing to stick to the issues. Unfortunately, he has decided to be tractable instead -- to indulge in unequivocal language, to eschew the use of outright lies in his speeches, and even to make repeated veracious statements about me. At first, I tried to ignore these scrupulous, unvarnished fidelities. Now I do so no longer. If my opponent wants a fight, he's going to get one! It might be instructive to start with his background. My friends, have you ever accidentally dislodged a rock on the ground and seen what was underneath ? Well, exploring my opponent's background is dissimilar. All the slime and filth and corruption you could possibly imagine, even in your wildest dreams, are glaringly nonexistent in this man's life. And even during his childhood! Let us take a very quick look at that childhood: It is a known fact that, on a number of occasions, he emulated older boys at a certain playground. It is also known that his parents not only permitted him to masticate excessively in their presence, but even urged him to do so. Most explicable of all, this man who poses as a paragon of virtue exacerbated his own sister while they were both teenagers! I ask you, my fellow Americans: is this the kind of person we want in public office to set an example for our youth ? Of course, it's not surprising that he should have such a typically pristine background -- no, not when you consider the other members of his family: * His female relatives put on a constant pose of purity and innocence, and claim they are inscrutable, yet every one of them has taken part in hortatory activities * The men in the family are likewise completely amenable to moral suasion * My opponent's second cousin is a Mormon * His uncle was a flagrant heterosexual * His sister, who has always been obsessed by sects, once worked as a proselyte outside a church * His father was secretly chagrined at least a dozen times by matters of a pecuniary nature * His youngest brother wrote an essay extolling the virtues of being a homosapien * His great-aunt expired from a degenerative disease * His nephew subscribes to a phonographic magazine * His wife was a thespian before their marriage and even performed the act in front of paying customers * And his own mother had to resign from a women's organization in her later years because she was an admitted sexagenarian Now what shall we say of the man himself ? I can tell you in solemn truth that he is the very antithesis of political radicalism, economic irresponsibility, and personal depravity. His own record proves that he has frequently discountenanced treasonable, un-American philosophies and has perpetrated many overt acts as well. * He perambulated his infant son on the street * He practiced nepotism with his uncle and first cousin * He attempted to interest a 13-year-old girl in philately * He participated in a seance at a private residence where, among other odd goings-on, there was incense * He has declared himself in favor of more homogeneity on college campuses * He has advocated social intercourse in mixed company -- and has taken part in such gatherings himself * He has been deliberately averse to crime in our streets * He has urged our Protestant and Jewish citizens to develop more catholic tastes * Last summer he committed a piscatorial act on a boat that was flying the American flag * Finally, at a time when we must be on our guard against all foreign "isms", he has coolly announced his belief in altruism -- and his fervent hope that some day this entire nation will be altruistic ! I beg you, my friends, to oppose this man whose life and work and ideas are so openly and avowedly compatible with our American way of life. A vote for him would be a vote for the perpetuation of everything we hold dear. The facts are clear; the record speaks for itself. Do your duty.
How do you "titty fuck" a seven-year old? Break her shoulders
Why don't any pirates live in Kansas? Because they all live in *Ar*kansas.
Triplets talking about what they want to be when they grow up 3 unborn babies are in their mothers womb talking about what they want to be when they grow up. The first one says "I'll be a plumber so I can fix this leak in here." The second says "I'll be an electrician so I can get some lighting in here." The third one says "I want to be a hunter so the next time that weasel sticks his head in here I'll blast it off. (Can't take credit for this, heard it a long time ago)
What is it called when an Ethiopian takes a shit? Bragging
Did you hear the one about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old!
What did the left bum check say to the right bum check? He said "If we stick together, we can stop this shit."
Have you heard about Gandhi? Gandhi walked around a bunch and built up giant callouses on the bottoms of his feet. He fasted a bunch which gave his bones a rather fragile brittle nature. He was a spiritual man, a mystic to many people. And he had a strange diet of green tea and white rice which gave him constant bad breath. So **tl;dr** Gandhi was a super-calloused, fragile mystic, vexed with halitosis.
The Carnival Date Jesse took his blind date to the carnival. "What would you like to do first, Amber?" asked Jesse. "I want to get weighed," replied Amber. They ambled over to the weight guesser. He guessed 120 pounds. She got on the scale; it read 117 and she won a prize. Next, the couple went on the Ferris Wheel. When the ride was over, Jesse again asked Amber what she would like to do. "I want to get weighed," she said. Back to the weight guesser they went. Since they had been there before, he guessed her correct weight, and Jesse lost his dollar. By this time, Jesse figured that she was really weird and took her home early, dropping her off with a handshake. Her roommate, Laura, asked her about the blind date, "How did it go?" Amber responded, "Oh, Waura. It was wousy."
A dick goes to a job interview A dick is at an interview with a toilet The toilet says "So tell me your qualifications" "Well I'm motivated, I can learn new tasks, and I have a lot of experience" Without a beat the toilet looks at the dick "Urine"
what part of the alphabet is the wettest? H to O
A guy comes home from work, goes to the bedroom, and sees his wife screwing their neighbor The guy says, "What are you two doing!?!?!?!" The wife says to the neighbor, "See - I told you he was stupid."
How many IT people does it take to change a light bulb? They don't have to change the light bulb, they buy LED's.....My first original joke submitted to reddit! Hope you like :)
A pirate walks into a bar with his brand new eye patch and ask a women with a large amount of facial hair to dance with him. She responds "would I ! would I!" to which the man angrily replies " MOUSTACHE! MOUSTACHE!"
a priest and a rabbi are sitting on a park bench... the priest sees some kids playing nearby. he leans over to the rabbi points and says "how about we screw them" the rabbi says "out of what?"
What does a near sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? Wet noses
A guy is at a bar, he goes up to the bartender and says.. "Hey, I bet you $50 if you put a beer mug on top of your bar, I can stand up there and piss in it, without getting a drop on the bar." The bartender chuckles and says, "Pal, I gotta see this." He then grabs an empty mug and places it on the bar. The man jumps on the bar, drops his pants, and proceeds to piss all over the bar, completely missing the mug. Then he gets back down and hands the bartender $50, smiling all the way. "You just lost $50, why are you smiling?" says the bartender. The man replies, "Do you see those 7 guys over there? I just bet them all $25 a piece that I could piss all over your bar!"
My mom bought a new vacuum, she says it really sucks.
So two men walked into a bar... The third one ducked.
Little Johnny and father Joseph ittle Johnny was on his way back home from the store with a loaf of bread in one hand, and his other hand in his pants pocket. Off in the distance, Father Joseph sees little Johnny and realizes this is the perfect opportunity to go preach the gospel of the Holy Bible to the young boy. Father Joseph approaches little Johnny and says, "I see that you have the "Staff of Life" in one hand." "Yep," replies little Johnny. "And I have a loaf of bread in the other!"
A pirate walks into a bar With a ships wheel on his belt. The bartender asks, "What's the wheel for?" The pirate replies, "Arrr it's drivin me nuts!"
Why did Moby Dick join a heavy metal band? He could really whale.
Saw a new movie the other day... It was about a guy who dreamt he was a condom. It was called Contra-ception.
Yea, let's do that Old bull and young bull are enjoying a snack atop of hill one morning, and the young bull shouts 'let's run down there and fuck all these heifers!' Old bull replies ' let's walk'
You know what the last thing I said last year was? One!
My new years resolution for 2012 is to figure out how calendars work
How do you make a Whiskey Sour? Crush it's hopes and dreams.
One Direction.
Highway Alert A man is driving along the highway when a news report comes on. "If you're driving on the highway, be alert, there's someone driving against the flow of traffic." Someone, the man thinks, there's not a single person that isn't driving against the flow of traffic.
Two rednecks A redneck sees another carrying a bag, he stops him and says. Hey buddy what do you have in that bag? The other replies chickens, why? The first says, if i guess how many chickens you got in that bag there can i have one? The redneck holding the bag of chickens says, if you guess how many chickens are in this bag ill give you both of them!
So there's a man driving through the desert. He had... Sorry about pastebin link, the joke was too long for Reddit. http://pastebin.com/x6yZM6UM
Little Johnny and grandpa Little Johnny walks into the kitchen, and his grandpa is sitting there eating a piece of pie. "Gee Grandpa," exclaims Johnny, "that looks really tasty! Do you think I could have a piece?" Grandpa looks at him, and says, "well I don't know Johnny, can your dick touch your asshole?" "No." replies Johnny. "Then there's your answer." A while goes by, little Johnny walks into the kitchen, and Grandpa is sitting there eating cookies. "Gee Grandpa, those cookies look tasty, you think I could have one?" Johnny asks. "Can your dick touch your asshole?" " No." Johnny replies, defeated. "Well there's your answer." Some time later, Grandpa walks into the kitchen, and Johnny is having a piece of cake. "Boy Johnny, that cake looks really good, you think you could let your ol' Grandpa have a slice?" Johnny asks, "Can your dick touch your asshole?" Grandpa grins and replies, "Yes it can." Johnny looks at him and says, "Well, then you can go fuck yourself!"
One day a dad gets a call and is told his son has been using dirty language. When he gets home that night, he sits down with his son. "Son," he says, "You know this isn't acceptable behavior. Now I want you to tell me all the dirty words you know." His son says "Well Dad, I know the S word, I know the B word, and I know the M word." His dad asks "What's the S word?" His son says "Stupid." The father is taken aback but pushes on. He asks "OK, what's the B word?" His son says "Bad." His father is starting to feel relieved and a faint smile is playing at his lips. With a kind, fatherly smile he asks "And what's the M word?" His son says "MotherwhoringSpicnigger."
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because Six hasn't been the same since he left Vietnam. Every time he closes his eyes, he's sees Charlie hiding in the darkness of the forest. Not that you could ever see those bastards, mind you. They were fast and they knew their way around the jungle. He remembers the looks on the boy's faces when they walked into that village and... oh Jesus. He shouldn't think about that now. Sometimes he still hears Tex's slow southern drawl. He remembers the smell of Brooklyn's cigarettes. He always had a pack of Luckys. But the boys are gone now... he knows that. It's--it's just that he forgets sometimes. And sometimes the way that seven looks at him... it makes him think. Sets him on edge. And he feels like he's back there... In the jungle... In the darkness. Seven has a hook for a hand as well, which is very scary
Two construction workers are working on a building... One working on the first floor, and another on the third. The one on the third floor forgot his saw, so he tried to shout to the other for it, but the wind blocked out the sound. He mimed a sawing motion to the guy below. The other guy saw it, pulled down his pants, and started jerkin it. Furious, the guy on the third floor runs down, and shouts "What the HELL are you doing?!" The guy looks at him and says "I was trying to tell you I was coming!"
The CIA needed to hire a new member to the staff. Well, the CIA was in need for a recruit, so they held out tryouts. Thousands of applicants showed up, most american. Needing only one person, they held tests, and interviews, and more tests, and more interviews, until they finally narrowed it down to these last three guys. The first two where american, and the third was a newfie. The Senior director of the CIA had one final test. A test that would surely be able to leave them with one man at the most. He invited the first american to a room, this room had two doors, one where they entered and another closed one that lead to another room. In the middle, between the doors was a desk, where the Director sat. "Morning son", Said the director, "What exactly are you prepared to do for your country?" "Anything you tell me to do", proudly said the american. "Good.", the director responded. He slid a handgun across the desk, toward the recruit. "Your wife is in the next room. I want you to go in there and kill her." The young man took the gun and slowly walked in the room. Minutes pass, and he eventually walks out and gives the weapon back. "I'm sorry, I can't do it. I've just married her and I can't let her go." "That's fine," the Director answered. "You're excused." The next american recruit comes in, an older chap. The same scenario plays out, gun is handed to him, he is told his wife is in the next room, and he eventually comes out. "I can't do it", says the older recruit, "I've been married for two years, she is my wife and the mother of my children." The director excuses him, and in comes the newfie. "We have one last test", Said the director. "Yeah bud, what is it, then?", he said. He slides the gun across the desk. "Your wife is in the next room. Go kill her." "The misses?" He asked. The director nodded. The newfie went in the room, closed the door, and some time passed. *BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG* A few more seconds pass. *CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH* The newfie stumbles out, exhausted. The Senior director stands up. "What the hell happened in there?!", he asked in a panic. "Well, ya see", the newfie explained," the gun was filled with blanks so I had to use the chair!"
A different pirate walks into a bar. As soon as the pirate walks in the bartender promptly asks him, "Pirate. Do you know you have a steering wheel sticking out of your fly?" "Argh! It's drivin' me nuts!"
Christmas gift to a friend... could afford much but the payphone is cheap. Me: "Hello, is this the Police?" Police: "Yes. What do you want?" Me: "I'm calling to report about my neighbor Billy Jones! He is hiding marijuana inside logs of firewood in his woodshed" Police:"Thank you very much for the call, sir." The next day, the Police descend upon Billy's house. They search the woodshed where the firewood is kept. Using axes, they split open every piece of wood, but find no marijuana. They swore at Billy and left his property. Soon after they leave the phone rings at Billy's house: Me: "Hey, Billy! Did the Police come?" Billy: "Yeah!" Me: "Did they chop your firewood?" Billy: "Yep." Me: "Merry Christmas, Buddy!"
Two butt cheeks are having an argument and the left cheek says something really offensive to the right. As the right cheek looks away from his (once) friend in sadness, Lefty realizes what he's done, and attempts to make amends. "We should stick together. We can't let all this crap come between us!"
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
Why do the French make omelettes with only one egg? Because in France one egg is un oeuf.
Gay guy goes to a deli So a man who is well known around town to be homosexual walks into a deli. He browses, picks out a large salami from the wall. The butcher takes the salami and asks "would you like this sliced thin, or thick?" The man replies "what? Do you think my ass is a piggy bank?"
Big Mike and the Saloon In the Old West, there's this saloon. It's decently-sized and fairly crowded. But one day, the sheriff comes in and yells, "Y'all better git! Big Mike is comin'!" The folk in the saloon figure this Big Mike guy is bad news, so the whole place clears out. The bartender is about to close up shop when this big, burly guy slams the doors open and starts clamoring toward the bar. The guy must have been six foot ten, three hundred pounds, with fists the size of bowling balls. Before the bartender could say a word, the guy grabs the nearest bottle of whiskey and chugs it. After emptying the bottle, he smashes it on the bar and starts chewing on the glass shards. The bartender, scared out of his wits, mutters, "c-c-can I g-g-get you another b-b-bottle?" The guy says, "Nah, I better git. Big Mike is comin'."
What do you get when you mix a Native American and an Irishman? An alcoholic with a drinking problem
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
Why did the French chef commit suicide? He lost the huile d'olive
A cowboy walks into a saloon as he's passing through town. As he sits down with his drink he notices a few rough looking locals at a table staring and pointing at him and looking generally unfriendly. He finishes his drink, and not wanting any trouble he decides he'd better get back on the road again. He walks out and notices that his horse is no longer tied to the hitch, so he turns around and heads back into the bar. All of the guys at the table are snickering and laughing and staring at him again. The cowboy loudly says "I'm gonna grab another drink and I'm gonna sit here and drink it, and when I'm done my horse is gonna be back on that hitch out there. And if it's not on the hitch out there when I'm done I'm gonna have to do what I did back in Texas. And I don't want to have to do what I did back in Texas." The place falls silent and a couple of locals slink out the back door. He finishes is drink, and sure enough his his horse is back on the hitch. He hops on it, and starts trotting down the road. The bartender walks out into the road and says "Hey Mister! What did you have to do back in Texas?" The cowboy stops his horse, and looks at him. "I walked home."
What did the gay cow say just before sex? STICK IT IN MY ANGUS
I've just started a band. We're called 1023MB. We haven't got a gig yet.
From Memphis Belle A British fighter pilot was shot down over German occupied airspace and was captured by the Nazis on the ground. He was beaten up pretty bad in the dogfight and parachute landing, and they had to amputate his leg, so he begged them "Please, if you have to take my leg, can you drop it over my base the next time you send a bombing mission?" The Nazis figured there was no harm in it and the leg was dropped in the next raid. A week later, his other leg succumbed to his injuries and had to be amputated, and again, he asked his captors to drop in over the base on the next raid, and again they obliged. The next week his arm succumbed to injuries and it was amputated. Again, he asked the German guards to have it dropped over his base on the next raid. The German barked at him "Nein!" The pilot asked, "Why not? You've done it before!" "We think you are trying to escape!"
There is a man lying on the beach... There is a man lying butt naked on the beach with only a hat covering his genitals. A lady walks past and says; "If you were any kind of man, you would lift your hat to a lady!" The man then says; "Yes, and if you were any kind of lady, the hat would lift itself!"
What's the difference between broccoli and a booger ? little kids won't eat broccoli .
NEW OFFICE POLICY 2013 Dress Code ALL EMPLOYEES 1) You are advised to come to work dressed according to your salary. 2) If we see you wearing Prada shoes and carrying a Gucci bag, we will assume you are doing well financially and therefore do not need a raise. 3) If you dress poorly, you need to learn to manage your money better, so that you may buy nicer clothes, and therefore you do not need a raise. 4) If you dress just right, you are right where you need to be and therefore you do not need a raise. Sick Days:We will no longer accept a doctor's statement as proof of sickness. If you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to come to work. 5) Personal Days:Each employee will receive 104 personal days a year. They are called Saturdays &amp; Sundays. 6) Bereavement Leave:This is no excuse for missing work. There is nothing you can do for dead friends, relatives or co-workers. Every effort should be made to have non-employees attend the funeral arrangements in your place. In rare cases where employee involvement is necessary, the funeral should be scheduled in the late afternoon. We will be glad to allow you to work through your lunch hour and subsequently leave one hour early. 7) Bathroom Breaks:Entirely too much time is being spent in the toilet. There is now a strict three-minute time limit in the stalls. At the end of three minutes, an alarm will sound, the toilet paper roll will retract, the stall door will open, and a picture will be taken. After your second offense, your picture will be posted on the company bulletin board under the 'Chronic Offenders' category. Anyone caught smiling in the picture will be sectioned under the company's mental health policy. 8) Lunch Break: * Skinny people get 30 minutes for lunch, as they need to eat more, so that they can look healthy. * Normal size people get 15 minutes for lunch to get a balanced meal to maintain their average figure. * Chubby people get 5 minutes for lunch, because that's all the time needed to drink a Slim-Fast. #VIBES
How did the Pianist play without fingers? Not very well at all...
Three tampon's walking down the street... Which one says "Hi"? None, they are all stuck up cunts.
roses are red... Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have alzheimers, cheese on toast.
I walked into a bar and some chick tried to pick me up I said "Put me down, you are going to hurt yourself."
Did you guys see the new line of Tony Romo's cologne? Every time you wear it, you fuck up and the other guy scores.
What do you call an insect with magical powers? A spelling bee.
Strange Jigsaw Puzzle A blonde girl decides to do a puzzle so she grabs the puzzle and pours out all the peices. She tries to put it together....After a while of trying she gets frustrated and calls her boyfriend...Her boyfriend says: Honey whats wrongThe Blonde says: Im trying to put this puzzle together but I can't do it.Her boyfriend says: Well look at the picture in the front and tell me what it looks like.The blonde says: Okay... well the background is blue and there is a tiger on it.Her boyfriend says: Honey... put the cornflakes back in the box
Two peanuts are walking through Central Park. One was a salted.
Stop making child molestation jokes It's a really touchy subject
I'm looking for a joke, all I know is the punchline. Need some help I know the joke itself doesn't make any sense, but it has a nice set up and the punchline is something around the lines of: "and X says, 'that doesn't make any sense'" This may not be the exact punchline, but the punchline definitely states "doesn't make sense". The joke is funny because it normally wouldn't make sense, but the fact that the the punchline is saying something doesn't makes sense is ironic, so it's funny. The above explanation is really terrible, but hopefully it's enough to find the joke, I really enjoyed telling it and hearing it; and I'm pretty sure I heard it on this subreddit about a year ago.
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count ? Your girlfriend has to chew before she can swallow,
Geppetto's advice to Pinocchio. One day Geppetto had a visit from his son and Pinocchio had a troubled look on his face. "What is wrong my son?" asked Geppetto. "Well... I found a girlfriend but when we make love she complains about the roughness and the splinters. She says she doesn't want to have sex with me as much anymore." responded Pinocchio. After thinking for a bit the old man decided that the simple solution is the best and says, "Here, use this sandpaper." while handing him a few sheets. Pinocchio takes the sandpaper and advice and leaves. A few days later Geppetto sees Pinocchio in the market buying stacks of sandpaper which triggers Geppetto to approach his son and ask, "So I take it your girl problems solved?" Pinocchio turns to his father and says, "Girls?!?!? Who needs girls?!?!"
What's the best thing about having sex with Twenty Five year olds? There's 20 of them.
Whats worse than being adopted Being adopted twice.
3 Guys (Blacks) started a rubbish business. They scraped up enough money to buy a truck, got some business, and all was going well until they had filled the truck up with rubbish. Then they realised that the rubbish was going to come off when they drove to the landfill. They only had just enough money left for the landfill fees and couldn't afford to buy a net to hold it on. Being innovative they decided that two of them would spread themselves over the rubbish to hold it down. They get to the landfill, pay at the booth and go on their way. The guy in the booth turns to his workmate and says "Look at that idiot, throwing out two perfectly good niggers".
Quest I went on a vision quest. I still ended up at Walmart.
An Engineer Goes To Hell (repost from r/AskReddit, all credit to armaha) A professional engineer dies and because of some misfiled paperwork, ends up in hell. Trudging through the sweltering heat, eventually he comes across Satan and says, "You know, with a little work, we can probably cool this place off..." At first, Satan is enraged and prepares to unleash fury on this engineer for his insinuation, but then he thinks, you know, it is a little unseemly hot down here. So he asks the engineer what he would need to cool it down, and before you know it, six weeks later they have a working air conditioning system. Months later, many improvements have been made. One day, God's feeling particularly cocky so he calls Satan down in hell and asks, "Hey there, buddy. Hot enough for you?" to which Satan truthfully answers, "Actually, it's a nice 73 fahrenheit down here. Perfect really... And we've almost got escalators installed, making the whole toil thing really a lot easier." God's confused, and Satan fills him in on the engineer that got mistakenly sent down there. God is furious. God: "Well that won't do, you've got to send him back up right away!" Satan: "Not a chance! This guy is great." God: "I'll sue!" Satan: "Hah! Where are you going to get a lawyer?"
What's the difference between a church bell &amp; a politician? A church bell peals from the steeple.
A guy walks into a bar... He goes up to the bartender and says "I'll have a bottle of your top shelf scotch". So the bartender gives him a glass and a bottle, and the man quickly downs the scotch. The Bartender says "That's a $300 bottle of scotch and you drank it in a minute! I've never seen anyone drink a bottle of scotch so fast" and the guy says "Well buddy, if you had what I have, you'd drink top shelf scotch awfully fast too". So the bartender says "What do you have?" The man looks up into the bartender's eyes and says: "About 3 bucks"
Best if said out loud... So a mango's (man goes) in a bar... What the hell is a mango doing in a bar? But chessy but gets a good giggle :D
Koala jokes!!!! Why did the koala fell of a tree?...It was dead Why did a second koala fell from the same tree?...It was holding from the first one Why did a third koala fell from a different tree?...He thought the other two were playing
"Have you ever seen a twenty pound note all crumpled up?" asked the wife. "No," I said. She gave me a sexy little smile, reached into her cleavage and pulled out a crumpled twenty pound note. "Have you ever seen a fifty pound note all crumpled up?" she asked. "No," I said. She gave me another sexy little smile, reached into her knickers and pulled out a crumpled fifty pound note. "Now," she said, "have you ever seen 30,000 pounds all crumpled up?" "No," I said, intrigued. "Well, go and take a quick look in the garage."
You might think the cock and balls are similar. But there's a vas deferens between them.
So a lady with Parkinson's orders a grande decaf peppermint soy latte no whip and I forgot to put the lid on.
A man walks into a bar Ouch...
The cheating wife. A guy thought his wife was cheating on him.So he waited for her to leave that night and jumped in a cab to follow her. By following her he found out she was working in a whorehouse. The guy says to the cabbie, "Wanna make a $ 100?" The cabbie says, "Sure, what do I have to do?". The guy replied that all the cabbie has to do was go inside the whorehouse and grab his wife and put her in the back of the cab and take them home. So the cabbie goes in. A couple of minutes later the whore house gets kicked open, and the cabbie is dragging this woman out who is kicking, biting, punching, and fighting all the way to the cab. The cabbie opens the door to the cab, throws the girl inside, and tells the man, "Here, hold her!!" The man looks down at the girl and says to the cabbie, "THIS AIN'T MY WIFE". The cabbie replied, "I KNOW, IT'S MINE; I'M GOING BACK IN FOR YOURS!!".
My girlfriend got a tattoo of a seashell on the inside of her thigh. If I put my ear on it I can smell the sea.
What do you call a worthless priest? holy shit.
So I finally found a girl that swallows... But she's bulimic so it really doesn't count.
My Doctor told me I'm pregnant... I told her she's got to be kid-in-me
Why don't blind people skydive? It scares the shit out of the seeing eye dog.
How do you make a woman orgasm? Who gives a fuck
The Argument A woman has had a huge argument with her husband and is on the phone having a long chat with her friend when she sees her husband returning home with a huge bouquet of flowers. "Oh no," says the woman. "My husband's home and he's brought a huge bunch of flowers for me." Her friend is a little surprised. "But that's so sweet of him!" "Ugh," says the woman. "It means I have to spend all night on my back with my legs in the air." The friend pauses for a moment. "Don't you have a vase?"
What did the gay man say at the bar? "Hey, can I push in your stool?"
A guy escape from prision A man escapes from prison, where he sat for the last 15 years. He breaks into a house to look for money and guns. However, the only thing he finds a young couple in bed. He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair. Then he ties the young woman on the bed, comes on top of her and kisses her on her neck. Then he gets up and goes to the bathroom. While he is there, the husband whispers to his wife: "Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes. He probably long in jail and all those years not seen a woman. I saw how he kissed you on your neck. If he wants sex, do not go against him, do not complain and make him happy. He is dangerous and if he gets angry, he'll kill us both! Be strong honey, I love you! "The young woman replied:" He kissed me on my neck. He whispered in my ear. He told me he was gay, that he really liked you and asked if there was some Vaseline in the bathroom. Be strong honey, I love you ... "
Little Johnny's first day at School Little Johnny was the new kid at school. The teacher asked everyone to give him a welcome, as it was his first day in the classroom. A smart kid who sat in the corner laughed and announced "Johnny? That's funny. If you make the J a P, switch the O and the H, and make the second N an E, your name spells 'Phoney' ". After the class laughs, Johnny says "Yeah, that IS funny! What's your name?" "Tommy", says the kid. Then Johnny says without missing a beat "That's funny, you change all the letters in your name and you can go screw yourself".
i asked my wife to send me a naughty picture on snapchat... so she sent one of our kids playing in my electronics drawer
what's red and invisible? no tomatoes.
A neutron walk in to a bar... A neutron walk in to a bar, orders a beer and asks: How much? The bartender looks at him and replies: For you, no charge!
How are a 9-volt battery and a girl's asshole similar? Even though you know you shouldn't you lick it anyway.
You know what I dread? The long hair of Jamaicans
What did Santa get the day after Christmas? Diabetes
Voodoo d*ck (potentially NSFW) There was this businessman who was getting ready to go on a long business trip. He knew his wife was a flirtatious sort, so he thought he'd try to get her something to keep her occupied while he was gone, because he didn't much like the idea of her screwing someone else. So he went to a store that sold sex toys and started looking around. He thought about a life-sized sex doll, but that was too close to another man for him. He was browsing through the dildos, looking for something special to please his wife, and started talking to the old man behind the counter. He explained his situation, the old man "Well, I don't really know of anything that will do the trick. We have vibrating dildos, special attachments, and so on, but I don't know of anything that will keep her occupied for weeks, except..." and he stopped." "Except what?" "Nothing, nothing." "C'mon, tell me ! I need something!" "Well, sir, I don't usually mention this, but there is the 'voodoo dick.'" "So what's up with this voodoo dick?" the businessman asked. The old man reached under the counter, and pulled out an old wooden box, carved with strange symbols. He opened it, and there lay a very ordinary-looking dildo. The businessman laughed, and said "Big fucking deal. It looks like every other dildo in this shop!" "Ahh, but you haven't seen what it'll do yet." He pointed to a door and said "Voodoo dick, the door." The voodoo dick rose out of its box, darted over to the door, and started screwing the keyhole. The whole door shook with the vibrations, and a crack developed down the middle. Before the door could split, the old man said "Voodoo dick, get back in your box!" The voodoo dick stopped, floated back to the box and lay there, quiescent once more. Businessman "I'll take it!" The old man resisted, saying "it wasn't for sale", but he finally surrendered to $700 in cash. The guy took it home to his wife, told her it was a special dildo and that to use it, all she had to do was say... "Voodoo dick, my pussy." He left for his trip satisfied that things would be fine while he was gone. After he'd been gone a few days, the wife was unbearably horny. She thought of several people who would willingly satisfy her, but then she remembered the voodoo dick. She got it out, and said "Voodoo dick, my pussy!" The voodoo dick shot to her crotch and started pumping. It was great, like nothing she'd ever experienced before. After three orgasms, she decided she'd had enough, and tried to pull it out, but it was stuck in her, still thrusting. She tried and tried to get it out, but nothing worked. Her husband had forgot to tell her how to shut it off. So she decided to go to the hospital to see if they could help. She put her clothes on, got in the car and started to drive to the hospital, quivering with every thrust of the dildo On the way, another orgasm nearly made her swerve off the road, and she was pulled over by a policeman. He asked for her license, and then asked how much she'd had to drink. Gasping and twitching, she explained that she hadn't been drinking, but that a voodoo dick was stuck in her pussy, and wouldn't stop screwing. The officer looked at her for a second, and then said: "Yea, right. Voodoo dick, my ass!"
Why did Princess Leia cry at the end of Return of the Jedi? Her father just died.
Guys, we really should have seen Steve Irwin's death coming... ... he always let animals into his heart.
Lost A reporter goes way up into the hills of West Virginia to write an article about the area. He meets an old man in a small town and asks him about any memorable events in his life. The old man says, "Well, one time my favorite sheep got lost, so me and my neighbors got some moonshine and went looking for it. We looked and looked and finally found the sheep. Then we drank the moonshine and one by one, started shagging the sheep. It was a lot of fun!" The reporter figured he can't write an article about that, so he asked the old man to tell him another story. The old man said, "Well, one time my neighbor's wife got lost, so me and all the village men got some moonshine and went out looking for her. We looked and looked and finally we found her. Then we drank the moonshine and one by one, started shagging the neighbor's wife. Now, THAT was a lot of fun!" The reporter, feeling frustrated, finally told the old man that he couldn't write articles about those stories and asked him if he had any dramatic or sad memories that he could talk about. The old man paused a little and with a sad expression on his face said "Well, one time I was lost..."
Unlikely Dating sites I tried to start an Introverts Dating site but nobody would contact anybody. I tried to start a Firefighters Dating site but everyone just flamed each other. I tried to start a Weed Smokers Dating site but I was too high. I tried to start a Tighty-Whiteys Dating site but it only lasted a brief while. I tried to start a Pun Lovers Dating site but it attracted a low sense of humor. I tried to start a Fitness Dating site but it didn't work out. I tried to start a Breezy Dating site but no one was a fan. (that one sucks lol) I tried to start an Investment Dating site but nobody was interested. I tried to start a Procrastinators Dating site but I never got around to it. I tried to start a Comedians Dating site but everyone thought I was kidding.
Remembering Brothers A cowboy walks into a bar in Texas, orders three mugs of brew and sits in the back room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more. The bartender approaches and tells him, "You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it so it would taste better if you bought just one at a time." The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Australia, the other is in Dublin and I'm in Texas. When we all left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days we were together. So I drink one for each of my brothers and one for myself." The bartender admits that this is a nice custom and leaves it there. The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn. One day, he comes in and orders only two mugs! All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss." The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns and he laughs. "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains....... "It's just that my wife and I joined the Mormon Church and obviously I had to quit drinking. Hasn't affected my brothers though."
Difference between men and women Julie didn't come home one night. When her husband Tom asked her where she'd been she said she spent the night at a girl friend's house. Tom was a bit suspicious so he called her ten closest friends, but none of them had seen her. The following week Tom didn't come home one night. Julie asks him where he'd been. So Tom says he got a bit drunk at a friend's place and thought it was safer not to drive but crash out there. Julie thinks he's been "fooling around" so rings his ten best mates. All ten of them say he spent the night there and six claim he's still there.
what kind of bees make milk? BOOBEES!
The graveyard wives. Two wives go out for girls night. Both got drunk, started walking home and had to pee. They stopped at a cemetery but had nothing to wipe with. One used her panties the other grabbed a wreath off a grave. The next morning one husband called the other and said, "no more girls night out! my wife came back with no panties." The other husband said, "you think that's bad? mine came back with a card in her crack that read "from all of us at the fire station... we'll never forget you"!!
God and the Animal Crisis One day God hears some ruckus coming from Earth and asks St Peter what it's all about. St Peter, "The animals are all complaining and unhappy with how you have created them" God "Alright, line them up. I will deal with this myself" So first in line is the elephant. God asks, "What is the matter with you my dear?" Elephant, "Well you see, I'm really uncomfortable with my trunk. I mean why did you have to make it look like I have a limp dick hanging from my face?" "Oh dear, how wrong you are. You think I do this as a hobby...no. I gave you that trunk so that you can shower yourself anywhere anytime, simple as that. Ok, now git" Next the giraffe. God asks, "What is the matter with you my dear?" Giraffe, "Well God, why did you have to give me such a long neck. And on top of that this awful fur pattern, makes me look like I have fungus growing on me." "Oh dear, how wrong you are. You think I do this as a hobby...no. I gave you that paint job so that when you're being chased you just stand there and BAM! you're invisible. Camouflage, baby, camouflage. I gave you the long neck so you can eat the food at the very top of the trees. Who messes with your food up there, nobody, NOBODY. Alright now git." Lastly the chicken walks in. "What is the mat---" The chicken interrupts him, "Hell nah, you ain't gonna sweet talk me. You either make the egg smaller or the hole bigger" Note: This is from a famous Mexican comedian. There is a couple more I could translate if you guys are interested.
Alex The Gardener A supervisor of a landscaping business got a call from one of his workers on Friday afternoon "Hey boss, it's me Alex, I'm not feeling so good today, I've got a big headache and just don't feel well." The boss replies; "You know, when I don't feel well, I like to go to my wife and ask for sex, then I feel much better. You should try it." Three hours later, the boss gets a phone call from Alex; "You were right boss, I did what you said and I feel great, I'll be at work soon! By the way, you have a really nice house!"
Can you take a bath if you have diarrhea? Yes, if you have enough.
I ate way too many freedom fries yesterday. I had to liberate the toilet for hours.
Italian, Ukrainian and Newfie on a Lunch Break.. An Italian, a Ukrainian and a Newfie high-rise construction worker were all up on a huge building about to have lunch. They all took a seat and opened up their lunch boxes; "Mama mia!" Said the Italian "Mya wife! She always give-a me meat-a-balls! If I get meat-a-balls in my lunch tomorrow, Imma throw myself offa this building!" "Shliukha! Perogies again!" griped the Ukrainian "If I have to eat perogies one more day, I too will throw myself off this building!" The Newfie opens up his lunch box "Awful! Just terrible eh, bologna and cheese! Imma join youse guys off the roof tomorrow if I have to eat bologna and cheese again tomorrow!" The next day, the same three men met on the high-rise for lunch. The Italian opens up his lunch box and sees that it's meatballs again for lunch. "Ciao!" he yells out and throws himself off the building. The Ukrainian opens up his lunch box "Upizdysh! Perogies! Goodbye to this world!" There he goes off the roof. The Newfie opens up his lunch box; "Jeeze aloo! Bologna and cheese! I'm outta here too, eh!" and throws himself off the building. All three men had their funeral on the same day. After the service, the wives of the three men met. "Iffa he only tell me, he no wanta meat-a-balls no more, I never make it for him!" The Italian wife says. "Yes, yes, I agree." Said the Ukrainian wife "I would never have made him perogies if I knew this would happen." The Newfie's wife was flabbergasted. "I don't understand, he made his own lunch!"
What happened when a whore house caught on fire? Some came out running, others ran out coming.
What's the difference between a church bell &amp; a church? A church bell peals from the steeple.
An American travels on business to Japan for the first time, and decides to pick up a hooker When he was diddling her, she kept screaming "Fujifoo, Fugifoo!" The guy figured this was a term for something great. The next day, he went golfing with his Japanese client and colleagues, and he got a hole-in-one. He wanted to impress his Japanese friends, so he yelled out, "Fujifoo!!!" The Japanese speaking folks looked confused, and one of them finally said, "No, you got the right hole."
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish? Mark Sanchez.
Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp? Because she's thick and tired of it.
Just lost my mood ring... not sure how I feel about that.
What's the difference between a steampunk bike and a regular bike? On a steampunk bike the gears don't do anything.
They say you have safety in numbers... Sure, tell *that* to 6,000,000 Jews. [Source](http://youtu.be/Rzb_p1mRW1M?t=4m48s) I really recommend watching the entire video though, it's hilarious.
How did the emu feel when his friends disowned him for being too big? Ostrich-sized.
How do you send a dog to space? Laika boss.
A man goes to church to make a confession... A man goes to church to make a confession to the priest. "Look. I have a confession to make. During the war, a young, gorgeous woman came to my door looking for somewhere to stay hidden. And I accepted, on the condition that she would repay me every day with sexual favors." The priest says, "Don't worry, young fellow. You have sinned. You were young and lustful, and God will forgive you." "Good," the man said. "But I have another question. Do you think I should tell her the war's over?"
Triplets A woman pregnant with triplets is walking home from the grocery store. As she's putting her money into her purse, some of it gets blown away from her. She follows it and finds it at the mouth of an alley way. When she finally retrieves it, there's a man standing in front of her. This man shoots her three times in the stomach, taking with him her bag and her money. An hour later, the woman is in the ER, her doctor checks her and tells her that her children will be completely alright. Sixteen years later, one of her daughters comes up to her and says, "Mom, mom, I was peeing and a bullet came out!" Her mom tells her the story. A while later, the second daughter comes and says, "Mom, mom, I was peeing and a bullet came out!" So the mom tells her the story. More time passes and her son comes up to her. The mom says, "Let me guess, you were peeing and a bullet came out?" The son says,"No. I was playing with myself and I shot the dog!
My girlfriend is going to leave me... because of my poker addiction... I think she's bluffing.
My girlfriend got me a mood ring the other day but it didn't come with instructions. So far we know that if I'm in a good mood, it's green... and if I'm in a bad mood, it leaves a red mark on her forehead.
Rich guy showing off. In a locker room, a phone rings and Kenny picks it up and puts it on speaker. Kenny- "Hello?". Woman- "Hi honey!". Kenny- "Whos this?". Woman- "Its amanda. Your wife?". Kenny- "Oh! Sorry honey, I just picked up the phone and didnt see who was calling. What is it?". Amanda- "its nothing... Im in the mall in the store Guess and they have this beautiful leather jacket and leather boots! I was wondering if you could let me buy them?". Kenny- "How much are they?". Amanda- "its just $500 for both. You think I can buy them sweety?". Kenny- "Yea, I dont see why not!". Amanda- "oh! One more thing. I passed by the BMW dealer and they have the car that I wanted!" Kenny- "well, how much is it?" Amanda- "its $85,000." By now, every guy in the locker room was surrounding kenny listening to his conversation.. Kenny- "Alright babe. But only if you get it with everything included! Sports package, custom seats, paint job, you name it!" Amanda- "I love you so much baby! But there is one more thing. I was looking at the real state prices a the house that we always wanted is for sale!" Kenny- "Hmmm... How much is it?" Amanda- "Well... its $975,000.. but we could sell our current house and use the money for it!" Kenny- "you know what? Sure! What the heck! Its our dream house! Lets go for it." Amanda- *Full of excitement, starts screaming in joy* "Oh my god! I love you so much!! I cant wait! Just wait till we get in bed tonight, youre gonna be a real lucky man! Rawr! Bye honey! See you later!" Kenny- "Bye babe!: Kenny puts the phone down and looks around. Everybody is astonished by how much money was involved in one conversation! Kenny then stands up and screams out, "May I ask, whose phone this is!"
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None!
Did you hear about the guy who was caught hiding illegal immigrants in Prague? He got prison for caching false Czechs.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall? It depends on how hard you throw them.
A man got lost in the woods... ... and stumbles upon this old house in the middle of the wood with it's lights on. An old Chinese man with a long grey beard answers the door and the man asks for help. The old man says he can stay for the night, but gives him one warning. He says, "if you touch my daughter, I will lay upon you the three most horrible Chinese tourtures." The man agrees not to do anything, expecting the daughter to be old as well, and goes inside. At dinner the daughter comes downstairs and she is the most jaw dropping thing the man has every looked at, but he remembered the old mans warning and quickly ate his dinner and went to bed. in the middle of the night, the man cant help himself, he goes into the daughters room and has a night of passion with her, making sure to keep everything quiet. Near dawn, the man goes back to his bedroom and falls alseep. When he wakes up again, there is a big rock sitting on his chest, and a note on it which reads, "Chinese torture one: big rock on chest." The man think, "well this is pretty crappy if its the best the old man can do," so he picks up the rock, opens up the window and throws it out. He then notices a note on the windowsill which reads, "Chinese torture two: Rock tied to left testicle." In a moment of sheer reaction, the man decides that he would prefer a few broken bones rather than castration, so he jumps out the window before the rope comes to an end. As he is falling, there is a big sign on the ground that reads "Chinese torture three: Right testicle tied to bedpost."
Pay me a complement. Wife: I look like a fat, ugly, wrinkly, pig, be a dear and pay me a complement Husband: Your eyesight's damn near perfect. Edit:Format
Irish joke An Irish man walks out of a bar.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None. Mice can't change light-bulbs as they are mere rodents without the physical or mental ability to do so. Not to mention it's much safer for them to pilfer food in the dark.
What do you call a bear that's not drunk? So-Bear!
Puzzle A man goes to his friend and tells him: Man: ''I finally finished this 3000 piece puzzle you gave me! It took me only 1 year 2 months and 5 days!'' Friend: ''How is that any special?'' Man: ''Well the box said 6 to 12 years''
Prince William visits the Royal Institute for the insane... He inspects the facilities and has a cup of tea with the workers, just as his mother would have done. He then asks to speak to a few of the residents. The staff were hesitant to agree to the request, but seeing as he was the chief patron of the institute, they couldn`t say no. After meeting a few crazy types, the prince found himself talking to a young man who appeared completely normal. The young man explained his situation, "Someone has made a mistake. I have no idea why I am here. As you can see from my behaviour I am perfectly fine and I could fit into the community immediately. I`ve written to a number of high ranking people but they refer me back to the manager here. I guess you are my only chance of getting released. Can you talk to someone on my behalf?" Prince William was very impressed with the manner in which the young man spoke and promised that he`d do all he could for him. But as the prince got up to walk away and continue his tour, the young man punched him really hard in the back of the head. The prince was stunned and turned to face the man who said, "That was just so you wouldn`t forget me."
How do you make a woman blind? Put a windshield in front of her.
A couples dies in a car crash on the way to their wedding... ...they both end up in front of God, who welcomes them in Paradise. - "Hello my children, it's a terrible thing that such a tragedy happened to you, but now you will be in a blissful happiness here, and forever !" - "Well, the man responds, we would really like to get married anyway...is it possible to do that here ?" - "Of course son, let me find a priest in this place and we'll get you two married right away !" So God leaves the place and comes back, three days later, with a priest accompanying him. The marriage takes place, the couple kisses and a wonderful ceremony ensues. However, two weeks later, the couples goes to see God again. - "God, this marriage is really not working for us, and we both want a divorce. Can you get us a lawyer ?" - "Jesus Christ, are you kidding me ? It took me *three days* to find a priest, and now you want me to find *A FUCKING LAWYER* ?"
What is a downies favourite song? Hot potato. Hot potato.
What do you call a mail order bride from Thailand? A she-mail
Carpenter and the Madame. Madame calls the local carpenter out to the old whore house for work. She has him install a partition wall in one of the larger rooms upstairs. After the works done he goes to the madame to collec his pay. "That'll be 500 bucks mam." Says the carpenter. The madame offers a trade he may take his pay in trade with any of the whores in the house and she rings a bell. Soon the room is filled with the most beautiful and stunnin whores the man has ever seen. In awe he walks the room several times. Eventually hr stops in front of the old Madame. Eyes her up and down wrinkles, gray hair, dentures and all. "Mind if I take my payment out with you ma'lady?" Slightly take back by this the Madame dismisses the girls and agrees to the carpenters request. He asks her to strip naked and lie down. She complies. He lowers himself down between her legs and slides his index finger into her pussy and his thumb into her asshole and squeezes them together and says "Give me my 500 bucks or I rip out the partition!"
Knock Knock... What's the best "Knock Knock" Joke?
Kanye and Kim *Kanye West in the delivery room* Kanye: "Aww..It looks just like me. But why's it so small?" Kim: "That's not the baby. I've done a shit." ________________________________________________ http://www.sickipedia.org/joke/1412270
I was having sex with my wife... and asked her how it felt. She grunted and groaned and said it felt like two. So, I reached down to investigate. The damn thing had done gone and doubled up on me.
My love is like a candle... Because if you forget about me I will burn your fucking house to the ground.
A little boy gets a cow boy outfit for his birthday... and goes into the local ice cream shop. He's dressed in his chaps, a vest, a cowboy hat, a kerchief, a black mask and a double set of holster with two plastic guns. He runs through the doorway of the shop and the woman behind the counter recognizes him immediately as the little boy down the street. The boy shouts "Don't any one move. This is a stick up." The woman plays along. "Oh please mister badman, don't shoot me. Just tell me what you want." The little boy thinks it over. "I'd like me one of those banana-er splits." The woman slides over and starts making it. "Okay mister badman...just don't shoot." While the woman is making the banana split the little boy has climbed up on a stool at the counter and was playing with the condiments why he waited for his treat. The woman was just finishing up the banana split and asked the boy "Do you want you nuts crushed?" The boy whips out his guns. "No. Do you want your tits shot off?"
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro cinco.
Knock knock *knock knock* "who's there?" *knock knock* "who's there?" *knock knock* "who's there?" *knock knock* "Quick! Open the coffin I don't think he's dead!"
Un Deux Trois A French cat called Un Deux Trois attempted to swim the English Channel last weekend but sadly didn't make it and drowned. It was all over the news the next day; "Un Duex Trois Cat Sank"
A man goes to the doctor... And says 'doctor doctor! You gotta help me! Every time I have tea I get a sharp pain in my eye!' The doctor looks at him. 'The next time you have tea,' he says, 'take the spoon out of the cup first.'
I'll admit it... I'm a horny TV And i'm turned on by remotes...
A lady friend asked me back to her place to chat about conspiracy theories... Orwell, you know.
Did you hear that archaeologists discovered an unusual ancient Egyptian tomb recently? The body was preserved with chocolate and nuts. Experts believe it to be the tomb of Pharaoh Roche!
Old Love The husband leans over and asks his wife, "Do you remember the first time we had sex together over fifty years ago? We went behind this very tavern where you leaned against the back fence and I made love to you. "Yes, she says, "I remember it well." "OK," he says, "How about taking a stroll around there again and we can do it for old time's sake?" "Oh Charlie, you old devil, that sounds like a crazy, but good idea!" A police officer sitting in the next booth heard their conversation and, having a chuckle to himself, he thinks to himself, I've got to see these two old-timers having sex against a fence. I'll just keep an eye on them so there's no trouble. So he follows them. The elderly couple walks haltingly along, leaning on each other for support aided by walking sticks. Finally, they get to the back of the tavern an make their way to the fence. The old lady lifts her skirt and the old man drops his trousers. As she leans against the fence, the old man moves in. Then suddenly, they erupt into the most furious sex that the policeman has ever seen. This goes on for about ten minutes while both are making loud noises and moaning and screaming. Finally, they both collapse, panting on the ground. The policeman is amazed. He thinks he has learned something about life and old age that he didn't know. After about half an hour of lying on the ground recovering, the old couple struggle to their feet and put their clothes back on . The Policeman, is still watching and thinks to himself, this is truly amazing. I've got to ask them what their secret is. So, as the couple passes, he says to them, "Excuse me, but that was something else. You must've had a fantastic sex life together. Is there some sort of secret to this?" Shaking the old man is barely able to reply, "Fifty years ago that wasn't an electric fence.
Ugly People Okay, so there's this bus full of ugly people. I don't know why it was full of ugly people, and only ugly people, but it was; not a single person on the bus had ever had anyone attracted to them. So, the bus is just going along, and the driver fucks up or something, and runs head on into an oncoming truck. Everyone dies, and goes up to meet their maker. Well, God feels sorry for them all, and decides to grant them each one wish before they enter paradise. So they're in a big line in front of the gates, and he asks the first one what their wish is. After thinking a few seconds, she says: "I want to be gorgeous." Now the next person hears this, and starts freaking out. He thinks it's the greatest thing ever, and wishes to be handsome. This continues on, everyone wishing to be beautiful/stud-like/etcetera, until the line is about half gone. Then the guy at the end starts fucking up, laughing his ass off, and God casts an eye at him, thinking: "What the hell?", but does nothing about it, and lets the same wish continue on. Now, when there's about 10 left, the guy is going NUTS. He's rolling around on the clouds laughing as hard as possible, and God is just wondering what the hell is up. So he finally gets to the guy, and asks what his wish is. The guy calms down, stands up, and says: "Make 'em all ugly again."
My love is like a candle... (Fixed) http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/32850407.jpg
Some people say I'm apathetic but I don't care what anyone thinks.
Sex is a lot like eating It starts with the mouth and ends in the arse
When does Eminem leave school? Aftermath
Why do they call it GOLF? Because FUCK and SHIT were already taken.
Why would Koreans make great jazz musicians? Because they have Seoul.
How do you confuse an asian? Put a steering wheel in front of them
What do you call a dark wizard that loves to give hickeys? a necromancer
Baby camel asks his mother... -mum,why do we have a hump? -because,son,we need it to store water. Baby camel thinks about it for 5 minutes and then says: -mum,why are our eyelashes so long? -because,son, they protect us from sand. Baby again thinks for 5 minutes before it says: -mum,why are our hoofs so big? -because,son, our legs wouldn't fall into the sand. After thinking for another 5 minutes,the baby camel says: -Mum,what the fuck are we doing in a zoo then?!
Tuba Lessons (warning, long build up) A father once desired for his layabout son to do something... anything... with his life in an effort to improve his condition. The child had no academic acumen, nor any athletic talent, so the father decided to get the child involved in the arts. "Which musical insturment," he demanded one day, "would you like to play most?" "The tuba." replied the child. That very day the father put his child into tuba lessons. The tutor would work with the child every Friday from seven o'clock to nine o'clock in the evening, and was close enough to the family home that the father thought it acceptable for his child to walk to the lessons and back. The first Friday came around, the child went off to his lesson and returned shortly after nine, eager to show his father what he'd learned. "Daddy, daddy! Today I learned how to play a B flat!" and with much eagerness, the child demonstrated his newfound skill BROOMTP. The second Friday came around, the child went off to his lesson and returned shortly after nine, eager to show his father what he'd learned. "Daddy, daddy! Today I learned how to play a G!" and with much eagerness, the child demonstrated his newfound skill BRAAAP. The third Friday came around, the child went off to his lesson... but he didn't return at nine. He wasn't back by eleven, or midnight, or even by two in the morning. At quarter to four, the child comes strolling in, reeking of tobacco smoke, cheap perfume, and even cheaper booze. The father, who had been waiting up all night for his kids return was understandably furious. "WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL NIGHT?!?" "Oh, chill out daddy-o..." returned the child, "I just had a gig."
Two muffins are sitting in a oven... One muffin says to the other, "Damn, it's hot in here". The other muffin says, "HOLY SHIT! A TALKING MUFFIN!!"
What's the difference between a chicken and a pussy? A chicken is easier to eat if you bone it first.
In a lesbian relationship who makes the sandwich? Neither. They both eat out!
I've always had a problem finishing what I've started...
I don't research Nihilism anymore. What's the point?
Facebook So I was in a public library and saw a homeless man I had seen around town on facebook. It got pretty depressing because the page wouldn't load every time he tried to click 'home'...
3 guys on a cliff Three guys go to a cliff to see the view. When they get there a wise old magician sitting there. He then says "since you are the first people theat have found me in 20 years I will let you turn into something of your choice. But first you have to run ang jump off the cliff. The first guy goes and jumps off and shouts "I WANT TO BE AN EAGLE. He then flys away in his eagle body. The second guy goes and jumps off and shouts "I WANT TO BE A PARROT" he then flies away. Finally the last guy goes and right before he jumps he trips off the cliff. He then shouts "OH SHIT"
I was in a bar the other day... and I saw a man trying to chat up a cheetah. He was trying to pull a fast one.
My grandma was recently beaten to death.. By my granddad
I'd just like to say I called Katy Perry's popularity the first time I saw the "I Kissed a Girl" music video. Also, I am tone deaf.
Why don't Africans go on cruises? They're not falling for that one again.
the newlyweds go to the hotel swimming pool... The guy goes to the diving board and performs a 2 1/2 sommersaults with 2 twists backwards. -"Whoa, that was impressive," says the wife when the man comes back. -"I was a double medallist in London olympics, dear". So the woman dives in and does 90 lenghts of the pool in 2 1/2 minutes. -"Baby, that WAS impressive", says the husband. -"I was a prostitute in Venice, dear"
So I was eating out my Grandma... ...And I tasted horse semen and thought, *Ohh, so that's how she died.*
I dare someone to pull off this joke IRL. A manager calls one of his employes because he is very late for work. The employee picks up the phone. The boss enquires, "John, why aren't you at work?" John responds, "I have a medical condition." Concerned the manager asks, "What is it?" John replies, "I have anal glaucoma." The manager responds, "What is anal glaucoma?" Th which John responds, "I don't see my ass coming into work today."
my math teacher's joke she told us so, in math class my teacher told us a joke that goes like this: knock knock who's there? interrupting starfish interrup-(places hand on other person's face) we laughed so hard at the teacher's reaction.
Two old army buddies are sitting at the bar trading stories... "I remember the first time they took us up to jump out of a plane," says one guy. "The private ahead of me was so scared, he was hanging on to the plane door for dear life. The platoon sergeant was screaming at him to jump, but he just stood there, gripping the door and blubbering. Finally, the platoon sergeant yanked the guy's pants down, then pulled my pants down, and yelled 'Alright Private, you've got exactly three seconds to jump your ass out of this plane, or Private Jones here is going to fuck your virgin asshole raw!'" After a long pause, his friend finally says "Well, did he jump?!" "Yes," says the guy. "A little at first."
put the punch line in the title how do you piss off reddit?
How much blow can Charlie sheen do? Enough to kill two and a half men.
My cat is out of control! Taming Wild Cats by Claud Face
An entrepreneurial blonde is looking for some extra cash So she goes door to door asking people if they have any odd jobs they need done. Around the third house or so, a sharply dressed man answers the door. She inquires about the jobs, and the wheels in his head start turning. He's been meaning to paint the massive porch that takes up the entire rear of his massive house, but such a job would take at least 3 hours. "I'll give you $20 to paint my porch out back while I'm gone. I already have the paint and everything." She happily agrees and totes the paint out back. He chuckles to himself as he gets into one of his many cars and heads out. That dumb broad will be at it all day, and it only cost him $20. He comes home later, and she's just finishing up. She sees him and jogs up. He grins. "finished?" He asks. "Yeah and I even gave it 2 coats!" "Are you sure? I didn't think there was enough paint there for two coats of the entire porch." "Sure there was! There was even a little left over! Though I should tell you, it's not pronounced 'porch', it's pronounced 'Porsche'."
My 2nd Parrot joke! A woman goes to a pet store and buys a parrot. Before she leaves the owner warns her that the Parrot had previously lived in a brothel and might have picked up some salty language. When she gets the bird home he looks around and says "New house." She puts the bird down in the house and the parrot observes her for a moment before saying "New Madam." The woman shrugs and thinks that it's not so bad. Shortly after the woman's two daughters return from school and see the new pet. The Parrot looks at them and says "New girls." Then her husband comes home from work and the parrot looks over at him and says: "Hi Bill."
Mexican and black jokes are all the same....... Once you have heard Juan, you've heard Jamal!
A haggard old woman walks into a bar. She's holding a paper bag. She climbs up on the bar and holds up the bag. "Any of you guys guess what's in this bag gets some tail!" There's an uncomfortable silence until a smartass in the back yells "Yeah! Is it an elephant?" "Close enough, let's go."
Why did Susie fall of the swing set? Because she had no arms.
Overheard this at Grand Canyon. "Why do they put chicken wire around these plants? Other guy:" To protect the chicken plants"
Czech and a Mexican A Czechoslovakian and a Mexican go camping, while they were in the woods the Czech gets eaten by a bear. So the Mexican runs to find the park ranger and says "park ranger a bear ate my friend" The park ranger and the Mexican find two bears, a male and a female. The park ranger asked the Mexican which ate his friend he points to the male and the ranger kills him and guts him there are no remains of the Czech man in the bear. Moral of the story never trust a Mexican when he says the Check is in the male
The Energizer Bunny was just arrested! He was charged with battery.
A man dies and goes to hell... A man was sent to Hell for his sins. As he was being taken to his place of eternal torment, he saw his lawyer making passionate love to a beautiful woman. "What a ripoff," the man muttered. "I have to roast for all eternity and that lawyer gets to spend it with a beautiful woman." Jabbing the man with his pitchfork, the escorting demon snarled, "Quiet! Who are you to question that woman's punishment?"
The Great Leaders' helicopter ride Kim Il-Sung, Kim Jong-Il and Kim Jong-Un were on an helicopter touring Best Korea's coutryside. Kim Jong-Un said: "I'll toss a 100-dollar bill out the window make one man' day." Kim Jong-Il said: "That's not how you do it; I'll toss ten 10-dollar bill and make ten people happy." Kin Il-sung said: "You're both wrong. I'll throw out one hundred 1-dollar bills and make a hundred people happy." The pilot, sick of the shenanigan said: "Fuck this, I'll throw all three of you out and make the entire country jump for joy."
Busted! A couple days ago a couple kids in high school were busted behind their school. One was eating firecrackers and the other was drinking battery acid. They were taken to court by the police. The judge thought long and hard what their punishment should be, but just ended up charging the one, and he let the other one off.
Revenge A couple is out on the town. Its her turn to buy the drinks and she tells the guy he is going to get a drink she heard was really good. So, she comes back from the bar with a beer for her, and two glasses for him, one with bailey the other with lime-juice. Accompanying the drinks are the following instructions. "Take a gulp of the bailey and let it sit in the mouth for a while, before you wash it down with lime-juice." The guy looks suspicious but accepts it as she says its great. So, he takes a gulp of bailey. Its warms the mouth and tastes good. Waits a few seconds, then takes a gulp of the lime-juice. Immediately following that, this scenario occurs. After 0.1 seconds, the cream in the Bailey splits with the alcohol. After 0.3 seconds, his face turns lime-juice green. After 0.6 seconds, he gets it together and swallows the stuff. After 1.5 seconds, she whispers in his ear. They call it "Blowjob Revenge"
I used to make jokes about people with butter fingers; stopped 'cause they couldn't handle it.
I used to do this impression where I was a blind anaesthetist; stopped 'cause the audience wasn't feelin' it and I couldn't see the point.
My psychiatrist says I have delusions of sexual superiority She just wants to fuck me.
Buying condoms. (x-post r/iamgoingtohellforthis) A man was at the pharmacist and asks the lady for 50 condoms, 2 little girls behind him started giggling, he looked back and said to them straight in the eye's ''better make it 52''. [credits to this guy](http://i.imgur.com/gCrxs.jpg)
How much do Rabbi's charge for their circumcisions? Nothing. They just keep the tips.
What's the worst thing that could happen to an r/joke/ subscriber? faint
Someone stole my copy of Microsoft office.. I will track you down, you have my word.
Hypocritical People People are so hypocritical these days! The other day I went into a library, started screaming and shouting and everyone told me to shut up. Then, later on, when I did the same thing on an aeroplane, everyone joined in!
My grandma was recently beaten to death.. She came in just after my granddad
What is WILL.I.AM going to be called after he dies? WILL.I.WAS
I had to quit my job as a Microsoft delivery man It got awkward telling people I was giving word to their mother.
A little old lady was walking down the street dragging two large plastic garbage bags behind her. One of the bags was ripped and every once in a while a $20 fell out onto the sidewalk. Noticing this, a policeman stopped her, and said, "Ma'am, there are $20 bills falling out of that bag." "Oh, really? Darn it!" said the little old lady. "I'd better go back and see if I can find them. Thanks for telling me officer. "Well, now, not so fast," said the cop."Where did you get all that money? You didn't steal it, did you?" "Oh, no, no", said the old lady. "You see, my back yard is right next to a Golf course. A lot of Golfers come and pee through a knot hole in my fence, right into my flower Garden. It used to really tick me off. Kills the flowers, you know. Then I thought, 'why not make the best of it? So, now, I stand behind the fence by the knot hole, real quiet, with my hedge clippers. Every time some guy sticks his thing through my fence, I surprise him, grab hold of it and say, 'O.K., buddy! Give me $20, or off it comes.' "Well, that seems only fair," said the cop, laughing. "OK. Good luck! Oh, by the way, what's in the other bag?" the old lady said.... "well,Not everybody pays."
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder.. The bartender looks at him and says, "Wow, that's pretty cool! Where'd you get it?" The parrot replies, "In Africa, they're everywhere!"
A new project has started in Egypt; The government has begun to put more cars on the road, ordering them to beep occasionally. As a result, the familiar sounds of the city will be returned in order to calm the residents of Egypt. They have called this operation toot-and-calm-em.
What happened to him after she made a joke he fainted
Goat joke(my 1st please go easy on me) Q: What do call a gay goat. A: A Fagoat
Clean as cold water can get it. A man decides to spend a week on his uncle's farm, well away from the city life. The first night his uncle cooks him a lovely meal and afterwards his uncle takes the dishes away to be cleaned. The next day at breakfast the man notices there still seem to be bits of dinner on the plate. He asks his uncle about it and his uncle replies "It's as clean as cold water can get it." The man accepts that but offers to do the cleaning himself, but his uncle refuses. At dinner the man again notices bits of the last meal still on the dishes. He asks his uncle again, and the reply is still "It's as clean as cold water can get it." This continues for the week until it's time for the man to leave, but his uncle's dog is blocking the gate and refuses to move. The man asks his uncle to get the dog out of the way and his uncle yells: "Oi! Coldwater! Get out of the way!"
If two Rednecks get divorced... are they still cousins?
What is a support group for lesbian mathematicians called? Number Munchers!
How to sink a submarine with 10 blondes in it? You knock on the door.
Kermit Jagger needs a loan. Kermit Jagger needed to take out a large loan, so he went to his bank and met with a banker named Patricia Wack. Patricia asked, "Do you have something you can offer as collateral?" Kermit responded by placing a little porcelain figurine on the desk. Patricia was not impressed, but she went to her manager to explain the situation. The manager laughed, and replied, "It's a knick knack, Patty Wack, give the frog a loan! His old man's a Rolling Stone!"
Blacks the best colour to wear to a funeral isn't it? Just thinking which rollerblades to wear.
Whats the difference between a joke and three dicks? Your mom cant take a joke.
Oh no! Jack decided to go skiing with his buddy, Bob. They loaded up Jack's station-wagon and headed north. After driving for a few hours, they got caught in a terrible blizzard. They pulled into a nearby farmhouse and asked the attractive lady of the house if they could spend the night. "I'm recently widowed," she explained, "and I'm afraid the neighbors will talk if I let you stay in my house." "Not to worry," Jack said, "we'll be happy to sleep in the barn." Nine months later, Jack got a letter from the widow's attorney. He called up his friend Bob and said, "Bob, do you remember that good-looking widow at the farm we stayed at?" "Yes, I do." "Did you happen to get up in the middle of the night, go up to the house and have sex with her?" "Yes, I have to admit that I did." "Did you happen to use my name instead of telling her your name?" Bob sighs and says, "Yeah, I'm afraid I did." "Well, thanks! She just died and left me everything!"
How long does Charlie Sheen last in bed? Two and a half minutes.
I like my coffee like I like my women... beat up and dragged in a burlap sack over the Andes Mountains.
Wayne Rooney walks into a shop He sees a shiny silver thermos flask that he has never seen before, so he finds a shop assistant and asks him, "what is this used for?" the shop assistant replies, "it is used to keep hot things hot and cold things cold". Wayne Rooney buys it and takes it to training the next day. Alex Ferguson sees Rooney carrying his thermos flask and asks, "what you got there Rooney". to which Rooney replies, "Oh this, it's brilliant; it's used to keep hot things hot and cold things cold". "well what you got in it then?" Alex Ferguson replies, "Two cups of coffee and a chock ice"
Pun request! So I am making a toast at my sister's wedding in a few weeks and I am hoping you can all help me out. My soon-to-be brother is a big fan of cheesy, lame puns and I would like to run through a list of them in the speech. He is really into dinosaurs and transformers, so I was wondering if you all would post some groan-inspiring puns in the comments that relate those two topics to weddings and/or becoming family. I know the pun chains crack me up in comments sections and i'm hoping that even if this is slightly "manufactured" you can all help me write a great speech!
Baseball Two old friends in their 80's John and Frank grew up together and always loved baseball since they were young. They went to the park everyday to feed the bids and talk about baseball. One day, John turns to Frank and says, "Frank, do you think there is baseball in heaven?" John think for a second then says, "Well how about this. Whichever one of us dies first will find out if there is baseball in heaven, then come back as a ghost to tell the other one." Frank agrees to this and they continue to feed the birds and talk. Sadly, a few weeks later, Frank dies of a heart attack. John kept going to the park to feed the birds, only now, he did it alone. After a few days, he hears a voice, "Joooooohn. Jooooooohn." John is surprised at first, but then says, "Frank? Is that you?" Frank responds, "Yeeesss. I've come back with good news and bad news." John asks, "Oh my god Frank! I've missed you so much! What's the good news?" Frank responds, "The good news is that there is baseball in heaven." John says, "Oh my god, that's amazing! What could possibly be the bad news?" Frank says, "You're pitching on Friday."
new guy at the sex shop So a sex shop hires a new employee and the boss needs to leave for awhile which means the new guy will have to run the store for a few hours. The boss is a little apprehensive because the new guy has literally no experience, but he's left with no choice. Shortly after the boss leaves a lady comes into the shop and walks up to the counter, perusing the items on display. "How much for this white dildo?" asks the lady. New guy has no idea, no price tags, so he replies "$35". Lady says "Great, I'll take it" and leaves. Awhile later another lady comes into the store and says "How much for this black dildo?" New guys says "$50" and the lady agrees and buys it. A third lady comes into the store, looks around and points to the shelf near the register. "How much for that plaid dildo?" "ummm... that one is $80" says the new guy. "Ok, sold" says the lady. He wraps up her purchase and she leaves. The boss returns and asks how business was while he was gone. "Great!" says the new guy. "I sold a white dildo for $35, a black dildo for $50, and some lady bought your thermos for $80!"
I won the meat raffle in the bar. Wasn't the answer my kids were expecting when they asked how I met their mother.
A man has undergone the first successful hand transplant in the UK. Doctors say he can move his fingers, but still doesn't have any feeling. Also, he won't come out of the bathroom for some reason.
Why is the crow so angry after his stand up comedy gig? The venue paid him in Coffee instead of Caw Fee.
Redneck First Aid A woman goes into a restaurant in a small town out in the country. She orders the chicken and starts to eat. Eating too fast she starts to choke on a chicken bone. Well these two hillbillies in the next booth notice she is choking so they get up and go over to help her. The first country boy drops his coveralls and bends over and the second hillbilly starts licking his butt. The women watches these two go at it and is grossed out. She pukes all over the place, dislodging the chicken bone from her throat. The hillbilly pulls his overalls back up and says to the other, "You're right Leroy, that hind-lick maneuver works like a charm."
Why do we always see a Dung Beetle with a ball of shit? Because that's how he rolls. ^^/groan
What do women and hurricanes have in common? When they come, they're wet and wild. When they leave, they take your house and your car
there's an old couple trying to spice up their sex life... and so one day the grandma visits a costume shop and buys a kinky supergirl costume. the next night, while watching tv, she stands in front of her husband with her cape over her shoulders, pussy fully bared and yells "super pussy!" and the grandpa replies "i'll have the soup."
If there are any idiots in this room...... will they please stand up, said the sarcastic teacher. After a long silence, one freshman rose to his feet. "Now they mister, why do you consider yourself an idiot?" inquired the teacher with a sneer. "Well actually I don't" said the student, "but I hate to see you standing up there all by yourself"
Have you seen the clown at Walmart that hides from gay people? Of course you haven't.
Gun Control Barack Obama at a recent rural elementary school assembly in East Texas , asked the audience for total quiet. Then, in the silence, he started to slowly clap his hands once every few seconds, holding the audience in total silence. Then he said into the microphone, 'Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence.' Then, little Richard Earl , with a proud East Texas drawl, pierced the quiet and said: ''Well, dumb-ass, stop clapping!' Source:- funny.com
the wife wanted to give a special birthday present to his husband... ... who happened to be a big Brigitte Bardot fan. As you might know, Brigitte Bardot is universally known as BB, so the woman carefully paints a big B in each of her buttocks, and just before the expected arrival of the husband, she positions herself in all fours, her generous ass directly pointing at the door. A key sound, and the husband enters the house. A short silence follows, then he asks: -Bob? Who is Bob?
In honor of the Vikings/Packers game on Saturday... How can you tell if a Packers fan is mad at you? They grit their tooth at you.
What's better than having sex with a 9 year old Vietnamese boy? Nothing.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar... He says to the bartender, "Do you serve food here?" The bartender replies, "No." So the ham sandwich walks out.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are taking a shit... When they are finished Dr. Watson turns around and notices only one pile of crap on the floor. "Look at this Holmes... Instead of two piles on the floor there is only one. This is very strange!". Sherlock Holmes ponders for a few seconds, takes a few puffs of his pipe, turns to the Doctor and say "Its elementary my dear Watson! You forgot to take your pants off".
Man from Nantucket There once was a man from Nantucket Was writing a Limerick but said, "Fuck it."
Why was most of Jesus' walk downtown very awkward? Because his friend asked him when he thought they should cross.
My wife has been missing for a week now. Police have told me to prepare for the worst. So I have been to the charity shop to get all her clothes back.
Two Polish parents are sitting at the dinner table with their two kids... The father turns to the mother and says "Why don't we send the kids out to P-L-A-Y, so we can fuck"
I took a job as a suicide bomber yesterday. I guess you could say it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Hey, want to hear a Top Gear joke? Morris Marina. badump-pshhh
Did you hear they're planting in a million trees throughout Harlem? In a city effort to improve public transportation.
Lunch from Home So an American, Italian and Mexican all work together on the same floor of their office building. Every day, they would eat lunch together. The American would always have a ham sandwich, the Italian would have pasta, and the Mexican would have rice and beans. One day, the American said to the other two, "if i get the same lunch one more time, i'm gonna jump out of this building!" "Same here!" said the other two. The next day however, the three got the same lunches, and so jumped out of the office window and fell several stories to their deaths. Back at home, the wives of the three are grieving. The Italian and Mexican's wives are sobbing uncontrollably and regretting giving their husbands the same lunch every day. The American's wife sat in silence, which angered the other two "Don't you have any shame?!" they cried out, "how can you not feel bad?!" The American wife looked up and responded, "That fucking idiot packed his own lunch every single day!"
If I watch a meteor shower Does it feel violated? (x-post shittyaskscience)
Idiots A wife is sitting at home when a breaking news report appears on the TV stating there is a deranged man driving 100 mph on the freeway against traffic during rush hour. Remembering that this is the same route her husband drives home on a daily basis, the shocked and terrified woman quickly grabs the phone and dials her husband... "Hello?" "Honey I just saw on the news that some idiot is flying at 100 mph against the traffic. Please be careful!" "One idiot?! There are thousands of them!!!!"
What happens to Nitrogen when the sun rises? It becomes Daytrogen
A priest and a rabbi... A priest and a rabbi are sitting at a bus stop. They see a young boy across the street. The priest says "Hey, you wanna go across the street and fuck that little boy?" The rabbi says "Fuck him outta what?"
A woman goes to the vet A woman goes the the vet to get her dog looked at because it isn't hearing what she says. And he says "He has a lot of hair in his ears, that's why he doesn't respond" So he takes Nair and puts it on a Q-tip and rubs it on the insides of his ears, and the dog is fine. The vet says "If you do this every few weeks, he should be fine." So she goes to the pharmacy, gets a can of nair, and goes to the check out. The cashier tells her, "If you use this on your legs, don't shave them for at least three days." And she tells him she's not using it on her legs. "If you use it on your armpits, don't shave them for at least three days." And she says "I'm actually going to use it on my schnauzer." "In that case, don't ride your bike for at least a week."
DirecTV/Spongebob Joke Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? I don't know I have DirecTV.
So this cravat came up to me and started weeping... ...I thought "I can't *stand* emotional ties"
Mental institution There's a mental institution, and they are having a patient evaluation, to see if any patients need to be there any longer. The doctor then goes around questioning the top three candidates. He goes to the first patient and asks him , "What is 3 times 3?" After an hour of scratching his head, and with a confused look on his face he replies, "Two-hundred!". "That is incorrect." The doctor responds. He then asks the next patient."What is 3 multiplied by 3?" After a long period of time the patient responds, "Thursday!". "That is incorrect replies the doctor. He then goes to the next patient and asks him, "What is 3 times 3?" The patient quickly responds, "Nine!". The doctor then says "Correct!, how did you figure that out?" The patient then responds, "I multiplied, 200 by Thursday and then I added three!"
Women are like snorkels... They can go down, but occasionally need to come up for air.
Where do you find the Bible in a library? "Fiction".
I would rate my skill at psychic abilitys... medium.
Why should you never trust an atom? They make everything up!
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Cause the pee is silent.
What do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion? An ass that will bring a tear to your eye.
A car abruptly departs from its parking spot in front of a driving man. The driving man says to his girlfriend, "What the fuck is that crazy asshole doing?" to which his pregnant girlfriend in the passenger seat replies, "Pulling out. maybe you should try it."
What do Scrooge McDuck and dragons have in common? They love to swim in gold coins.
Wondering when Oceans 14 is coming out? It already did, it's called "The Hobbit".
A man armed with lazer guns shot up a church... ...people went running pew after pew.
I'm not saying I'm a jinx But the first time I played Tetris the first thing that dropped for me was a circle
One from my half asleep Girlfriend What happend to the guys who kidnapped Batman? They got Bale.
Why do dogs lick themselves? Because they can!
Sex is like the Dudley Do Right Show. And her orgasm is like that poor women trapped on the train tracks while you franticly try and get her off before the train comes on her face.
It's so awkward getting a boner during a prostate exam. Especially when they realize you're not a doctor.
good old family racism what do you call the leader of the black panthers movement? the maine coon
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw. ^^^^^I'm ^^^^^going ^^^^^to ^^^^^hell ^^^^^for ^^^^^this ^^^^^:(
Reward cards Shops have started to introduce reward card schemes, so when you spend money you get points on your card. And if you have enough points, you can buy things. But now it seems you can get *too many* points on your card. This happened to me recently and now I'm not allowed to drive.
Two rednecks, husband and wife, open a Bed&amp;Breakfast place... Among their first clients, was a couple of French. They give them the key to the room, and during the night, the redneck wife decides to go and spy on them through the key hole. She sees how the French woman strips in front of her husband and throws her lingerie at him. Seeing how aroused the man was by that gesture, the wife decides to go her redneck husband and do the same. She enters the room, starts stripping, and throws her panties at him. Scared, the redneck jumps out of bed, pulls out his shot gun and screams "Woman ! There's skunks in the house !"
Theory Vs. Reality So a boy comes home from school and his dad asks him "Hey son, how was school?" the boy replies "Pretty good dad, but my last subject was about theory and reality... and to be honest, I didn't get it at all". The dad takes a seat and says "Son, let me teach you. Go upstairs and ask your mother if she would have sex with ANY man in the world, aside from me, for 1 million dollars." So the boy goes upstairs and asks his mother "Mom, would you have sex with any guy aside from dad for a million dollars?" to which the mother replies "Well, your sister is going off to college and we just took a second mortgage on the house... yeah, I'd do it." So the boy goes downstairs to his dad and says "dad, she said she would do it for a million dollars!" So the father goes "Alright son, now go upstairs and ask your sister if she would have sex with any guy but her boyfriend for a million dollars." the boy runs upstairs and asks his sister if she would have sex with any guy but her boyfriend for a million dollars... she instantly says yes. the boy runs downstairs again and says "dad dad, she didn't even hesitate, she would do it!" So the dad says "You see son? In theory, we're sitting on two million dollars. but in reality, we're living with a couple of whores"
A cheeky sacrifice A married couple was in a terrible accident where the man's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from his body because he was too skinny, so the wife offered to donate some of her own skin. The doctor took a large piece from her buttocks. After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the man's new face. He looked more handsome than he ever had before! All his friends and relatives just went on and on about his baby face! One day, when he was alone with his wife, he was overcome with emotion at her sacrifice and said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. How can I possibly repay you?" "My darling," she replied, "I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek."
Ice Fishing Blonde A blonde who got a fishing rod for her birthday decided to go ice fishing to make good use of her gift. Early the next morning, she got all her gear together and headed out to the ice. When she reached her final destination, she cut a large hole in the ice and dipped the rod in. Then suddenly she heard a voice that said: "There are no fish in there". So she moves to another spot and cuts another hole, but then the same voice spoke again and told her there were no fish in there. So she moves again, and the voice tells her there are no fish in there. So she looks up and sees an irritated man staring down at her. "How do you know there are no fish there?" asks the blonde. So the man cooly says "Well first of all, this is a hockey rink, and second of all, you're going to have to pay for those holes."
Why did the guy kick the broom out of his house? It swept with his girlfriend :P
The Skunk One cold night, this couple was driving down the road, and the girl notices this black ball of fur on the side of the road. She makes him pull over, and she sees that it's a skunk that's about to freeze to death. She asks him, "Can we bring him with us in the truck to warm it up?" He says, "I guess it's okay. Bring him in." She goes, "Where can I warm him up?" "Put him between your legs, that'll warm him up." "Well, what about the smell?" "You can hold it's nose, can't you?"
A cowboy and his lady are riding in the desert Out of nowhere, their horse stumbles. The cowboy gets down, steps in front of the horse and says, "that's one." A few miles later, the horse stumbles again. The cowboy climbs down, looks at the horse and says, "that's two." Further down the path, the horse stumbles a third time. The cowboy gets off, pulls out his pistol, and shoots the horse dead. The cowboy's lady starts yelling. "What have you done? That was our only horse and we're miles away from any towns. We will never make it through this desert on foot!" The cowboy looks at her and says, "that's one."
A little old lady was walking down the street... ...dragging two large plastic garbage bags behind her. One of the bags was ripped and every once in a while a $20 fell out onto the sidewalk. Noticing this, a policeman stopped her, and said, "Ma'am, there are $20 bills falling out of that bag." "Oh, really? Darn it!" said the little old lady. "I'd better go back and see if I can find them. Thanks for telling me officer. "Well, now, not so fast," said the cop."Where did you get all that money? You didn't steal it, did you?" "Oh, no, no", said the old lady. "You see, my back yard is right next to a Golf course. A lot of Golfers come and pee through a knot hole in my fence, right into my flower Garden. It used to really tick me off. Kills the flowers, you know. Then I thought, 'why not make the best of it? So, now, I stand behind the fence by the knot hole, real quiet, with my hedge clippers. Every time some guy sticks his thing through my fence, I surprise him, grab hold of it and say, 'O.K., buddy! Give me $20, or off it comes.' "Well, that seems only fair," said the cop, laughing. "OK. Good luck! Oh, by the way, what's in the other bag?" "Not everybody pays."
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A Fsh.
Somebody told me that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach... I'm really glad I went for a second opinion before my surgery.
If a man says something in the forest, and no woman is there to hear it... ...is he still wrong?
Dancing in the kitchen. Two neighbors have the hots for each other. So one afternoon when their spouses are away they are having it off. Afterwards they are having a smoke in the bed and she asks him if it was everything he imagined it would be. "It was alright, but I must say you are pretty wide." "What do you mean, wide?" "Well, you do have a rather 'large hole'... Baffled she kicks him out of her house and goes to the kitchen to fix herself a drink. Sitting at the kitchen table she starts thinking about what he said, gets a mirror, puts it on the floor, stands over the mirror, opens her robe and begins to examen herself. Just at that moment the neighbor's 5 year old son walks in through the backdoor. Embarrassed, she says: "Hi Timmy, how are you? I was just doing a little dance, I really like dancing in the kitchen!" To which the kid replies: "Do what you want, just make sure you don't fall into that hole!"
What is the difference between Jedward and a vacuum cleaner? A vacuum cleaner only sucks when you turn it on.
It doesn't make any sense for ugly girls to play hard to get. You're already playing hard to want.
Two muffins bakes in an oven... Then one of them says " Damn it's hot in here!" Then the other screams... " AAARGH!!!! A TALKING MUFFIN!!!!"
So a horse walks into a bar.. and a duck walks into a bar and a buffalo walks into a bar and a cucumber walks into a bar and a tomato walks into a bar... and the bartender says "Alright, what is this? Some kind of joke?"
What do you call a man with a 1 inch penis? Justin
Never trust an atom they make up everything
"It's probably yoghurt." "Excuse me," I said to the woman sat in front of me on the bus, "You have some semen on the back of your jacket." "I'm sure it's not semen," she said, "It's probably yoghurt." "It's definitely semen," I said, "I don't ejaculate yoghurt."
"Do you have a vagina?" A woman is at home when she hears someone knock at the door.She goes to the door and opens the door to see a man standing there. He asks the lady, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door in disgust. The next morning she hears a knock at the door and it is the same man and he asks the same question of the woman, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door again. Later that night when her husband gets home she tells him what has happened for the last two days. The husband tells the wife in a loving and concerned voice, 'Honey, I am taking tomorrow off to be home just in case this guy shows up again.' The next morning they hear a knock and both run for the door. The husband says to the wife in a whispered voice, 'Honey, I'm going to hide behind the door and listen and if it is the same guy I want you to answer yes to the question because I want to see where the bastard is going with it.' She nods yes to her husband and opens the door. Sure enough the same fellow is standing there and asks the same question; 'Do you have vagina'? 'Yes, actually I have one,' she says. The man replies.. 'Good! Would you mind telling your husband to leave my wife's alone and start using yours?'
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral? One less drunk guy.
TIL that if you took all the veins in your body and laid them end to end... You would die.
Do you know what a pirates favorite letter is? ( read before down vote you may be surprised) Well you think it be the rrrrrr's, but it be the cccc's.!
There are 10 types of people in the world. Those who understand binary, those who don't and those that weren't expecting a base 3 joke.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
Leroy A woman who has recently moved to a new area goes into the local welfare office to meet her now case worker. All is going well, her case for welfare is pretty solid, but then the worker notices something a bit off. He asks the woman, "Excuse me ma'am, but according to this you have fourteen sons. Is this true?" "Mmm-hmm. They's my boys." "Well yes ma'am, I understand that, but why are all fourteen of them named 'Leroy.'" "Well that just makes it easier for me. Whenever I wants my boys to come for breakfast, I jus' yell 'LEEROY!' and all my boys come running. Whenever I wants my boys to come for a bath, I jus' yell out 'LEEEROY!' and all my boys come a'running." "Well then, ma'am," says the worker, "I guess that makes sense to me, but what do you do if you want to talk to just one of your sons?" "Oh, I jus' call him by 'is *last* name."
I love hitting F5... It's so refreshing
What's the worst thing for a cannibal to say to a friend? Your family has impeccable taste.
What is a math teacher's favorite kind of toilet paper? The kind that has multi ply's.
Sherlock Holmes and Watson go camping... They pitched their tent under the stars and went to sleep. Sometime in the middle of the night Holmes woke Watson up and said: "Watson, look up at the sky, and tell me what you see." Watson replied: "I see millions and millions of stars." Holmes said: "And what do you deduce from that?" Watson replied: "Well, if there are millions of stars, and if even a few of those have planets, it's quite likely there are some planets like Earth out there. And if there are a few planets like Earth out there, there might also be life." And Holmes said: "Watson, you idiot, it means that somebody stole our tent."
Half a head of lettuce There was a boy who worked in the produce section of the market. A man came in and asked to buy half a head of lettuce. The boy told him that they only sold whole heads of lettuce, but the man replied that he did not need a whole head, but only a half head. The shop assisant said he would go ask his manager about the matter. He said to his manager, "There's some asshole out there who wants to buy only a half a head of lettuce." As he was finishing saying this, he turned around to find the man standing right behind him, so he added, "and this gentleman wants to buy the other half." The manager okayed the deal and the man went on his way. Later the manager called on the boy and said, "You almost got yourself in a lot of trouble earlier, but I must say I was impressed with the way you got yourself out of it. You think on your feet and we like that around here. Where are you from son?" The boy replied, "Minnesota sir." "Oh really? Why did you leave Minnesota" asked the manager. The boy replied, "They're all just whores and hockey players up there." "Really?," replied the manager, "My wife is from Minnesota!!" The boy replied, "No kidding! What team did she play for?"
Bad News. Doctor: "I have some bad news for you. You REALLY have to stop masturbating." "Oh my God doc, why, WHY?" "I am trying to examine you!"
[All credit to Ana Kasparian from the TYT Network] So, I heard Kim Kardashian is having Kanye West's baby... At least she let him finish.
So this guy walks into a bar... ...and he see this massive gorilla just sitting behind the counter. So after a few drinks he ask the bartender "Hey man, what's up with that gorilla?" The bartender says "Oh that gorilla? Check this out," then grabs a baseball bat and WHACKS the gorilla over the back of the head. The gorilla then bends down and starts sucking the bartenders cock. The bartender looks at the guy and goes "Pretty awesome, right? You wanna have a try?" The guys responds "Sure! Just don't hit me so hard."
A man goes to see his doctor. Man: Doc, I need to get some birth control for my daughter. Doctor: Is she sexually active? Man: No. She just lays there like her mother.
What do you call a really, really quiet piece of meat? A shh-kebab. --- I love you too, fellas.
What's the difference between a nun and a woman in the bathtub? The nun has hope in her soul...
There are two types of people in this world. Those that can extrapolate from incomplete data.... ..
A very temperamental man has a very rough day... ...and while he sulking, the doorbell rings. He opens the door to see a flaming bag of shit and a snail just sitting on his porch. Angered, the man picks up the snail and chucks in into the yard before dealing with the bag. Two years pass and the doorbell rings again. The man opens the door to find the same snail who says, "What the fucking hell was *THAT* about?"
What comes after the third car? The ford car.
The bunny jogging A bunny is running through the forest and he meets a hedgehog, who's smoking a joint, so the bunny says: "Hedgehog noo, don't do it, drugs are dangerous, come to run with me in the forest!" The hedgehog convinced by the bunny runs with him. They run and they meet a bluetit who is doing blue crystal meth. The bunny scandalized says: "Oh bluetit, please, don't do drugs, it's a very sunny day, run with me and you'll be healthier". So the hedgehog, the bluetit and the bunny happily run through the forest when they meet the wolf, who's snorting coke, so the bunny says: "Wolf what are you doing? Come and run with me, coke is really bad bad for you!" The wolf stops and raises his head, looks at the little company of animals and says: "What the hell guys? Every time the bunny does ecstasy we all run through the forest like idiots..."
An old man at the doctors office... His daughter took him to a doctor for a check up. During the check up - the doctor asks the old man about his visits to the toilet at night, and he replies: "I wake up, walk to the bathroom and God turns on the light for me". Confused, the doctor finishes his procedure and tells the old mans daughter about the whole "God-light" thing. To which she replies: "Oh no! He's been using the fridge again!"
So I went to the bar one night... and.. Wait what happened at the bar last night anyway?
The Lie Clock A man died and went to Heaven. As he stood in front of the Pearly Gates, he saw a huge wall of clocks behind him. He asked, "What are all those clocks?" St. Peter answered, "Those are Lie-Clocks. Everyone on earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie, the hands on your clock move." "Oh", said the man. "Whose clock is that?" "That's Mother Teresa's," replied St. Peter. "The hands have never moved, indicating that she never told a lie." "Incredible," said the man. "And whose clock is that one?" St. Peter responded, "That's Abraham Lincoln's clock. The hands have moved twice, telling us that Abraham told only two lies in his entire life." "Where's Romney's clock?" asked the man. "It's in my office. I'm using it as a ceiling fan!"
A young, pregnant Italian girl. An 18 year old Italian girl tells her Mom that she has missed her period for two months. Very worried, the mother goes to the drugstore and buys a pregnancy kit. The test result shows that the girl is pregnant. Shouting, cursing, crying, the mother says, "Who was the pig that did this to you? I want to know!" The girl picks up the phone and makes a call. Half an hour later, a Ferrari stops in front of their house. A mature and distinguished man with gray hair and impeccably dressed in an Armani suit steps out of the of the Ferrari and enters the house. He sits in the living room with the father, mother, and the girl and tells them: "Good morning, your daughter has informed me of the problem. I can't marry her because of my personal family situation but I'l;l take charge. I will pay all costs and provide for your daughter for the rest of her life." "Additionally, if a girl is born, I will bequeath a Ferrari, a beach house, two retail stores, a townhouse, a beachfront villa, and a $2,000,000 bank account. If a boy is born, my legacy will be a couple of factories and a $4,000,000 bank account. If twins, they will receive a factory and $2,000,000 each. However, if there is a miscarriage, what do you suggest I do?" At this point, the father, who had remained silent, places a hand firmly on the man's shoulder and tells him, "You fuck her again."
Telligence one day bob and fred are down in the mine mining, and the boss brings fred up to the surface and has a talk with him, he says "fred, is there something wrong?" fred replies "my wife and child are going hungry, and i am afraid i will never get high up in this mining job" the boss thinks about this and takes fred over to a tree. "fred, i am going to show you intelligence." he holds his hand up to the tree and says "fred, hit my hand" fred replies "i dont know boss, wont it hurt you?" dont worry about it fred, hit my hand" and fred swings at his hand, and at the last second the boss moves his hand out of the way and fred hits the tree. "do you understand intelligence now fred?" "yes, thanks boss" and fred goes back down in the mine to see bob. "what did the boss want you for fred?" "i'll show you bob, the boss showed me 'telligence" "what's telligence fred?" and fred looks around for a moment and holds his hand up to his face and says "Bobby, hit my hand"
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? because the 'p' is silent.
My wife was dying.. I was by her bedside. She said in a tired voice "there's something i must confess." "Sshh" i said. "There's nothing to confess. Everything's alright." "No. I must die in peace. I fucked your Brother, your best friend, his best friend and your Dad!" "I know." I whispered. "That's why i poisoned you, you cunt. Now shutup and fucking die!"
What's the shortest book ever written? French War Heroes.
I can't decide if I should get a new mattress or not. I should probably sleep on it.
I was at a bar recently and saw two very large women talking in the same odd accent... Curious about where they came from, I walked up, introduced myself, and then started talking to them for a bit. After a little while, I had to ask. "Hey, are you ladies from Scotland?" Irritated, they scoffed, "It's WALES you asshole." I stared at them for a moment, sipped my beer, and apologized. "I'm sorry, are you whales from Scotland?" *x-posted from /r/funny.*
Crocodile So a guy in a cowboy hat walks into a pub with a crocodile under his arm. He sees another guy sitting at the bar. He strolls on up to the bar, next to the other guy, pops the crocodile on the bar, puts the croc on the bar, orders a beer, drops his pants, taps the croc on the snout - it opens its mouth - and then flops his cock into the croc's mouth. He stands there, motionless, and drinks his beer for the next 10 minutes. The guy sitting at the bar next to him is in awe. "Wow" he says, "that's amazing!" "Want to have a go?" asks the guy in the in the cowboy hat. "Nah!" replies the other guy, "I cant keep my mouth open that long!"
Alzheimer joke (can't remember if repost)
The slippers This is more like a funny story not a joke to me. I'm not a native English speaker, so my English is not that well. Madurese, a tribe from Indonesia, are known to be very religious but, unfortunately, bad tempered and proud. (OP is Madurese) It goes like this: One day, a hillbilly Madurese and his wife went to perform a sacred pilgrimage to Mecca. At their arrival to the 8 floored hotel that they are supposed to be staying throughout the pilgrimage, they were told that their room will be at the 7th floor and they were to use the elevator to get there. Soon enough they found themselves in front of the elevator waiting for the door to open to take them to their floor. This was their first elevator ride ever, they had no clue of what they should do, so they just waited for the door to open. Suddenly a bell rang and the door opened. They saw the 4 starred hotel elevator very luxurious and clean, and the floor was covered with a thick granite. A custom from their village back at Madura was that they are supposed to remove their slippers to honor the host of a clean house to maintain its cleanliness. So they did and they entered the elevator barefooted. They looked at the numbers and instinctively the husband pressed the number 7. When they finally got to the 7th floor, the elevator door opened and, Lo!, their slippers are nowhere to be found. Unluckily, a janitor was passing by and the Madurese husband stormed at him about their stolen slippers. "What kind of a place is this?" said the husband. "I have politely removed my slippers in front of the elevator to honor the host, but they are now stolen!" The janitor, who seemed to have been in this situation before, asked, "Are both of you Madurese from Indonesia?" "Yes we are," said the husband, "and we cut the hand of thieves back in our village!" "I'm sure you do," said the janitor, "but before we go cutting people's hand, let's find out if we can retrieve your slippers. Do you agree?" ask the janitor. "Sure," said the husband, "they are my best slippers and they are not cheap! If the thief can bring them back to us, we may be persuaded to forgive them. No hands to be cut!" And the janitor lead them back inside the elevator and accompany them to descend to the lobby. When the elevator door opened, sure enough, the slippers are there in front of them. Smiling, the Madurese husband said, "Look! The thief brought our slippers back. Even in Mecca, no one would mess with Madurese!"
Monkey at the bar A guy walks into a bar with a monkey following him and hops up on the bar stool, followed by his monkey. He orders a drink for him and the monkey, and the monkey reaches over for the basket of peanuts. Monkey picks up a peanut, looks at it intently, sticks it up his butt, takes it out and eats it. The bartender looks at the monkey, horrified at what it just did, and then to the man who showed no reaction at all. The bartender shrugs it off. A little while passes and the guy goes to the candy machine and comes big with a handful of jelly beans for the monkey. The monkey takes each one, carefully inspects it, sticks it up his butt, removes it, then eats it. Finally the bartender looks at the guy and say 'Alright you've got to tell me what's wrong with him.' The man responds, 'He swallowed a cue ball last week and now he's making sure everything he eats will fit.' Extra: A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says 'Amazing! Where did you get that?!' The parrot responds 'Africa!' The worst thing about being told you have Alzheimer's is it doesn't just happen once. (Courtesy of Jimmy Carr) What do you call a 3-legged donkey? Glue. (Jimmy Carr)
What kind of pants do Mario and Luigi wear? Denim denim denim.
How did Christopher Columbus find India? He used Apple Maps.
Some people think that the way to a Mans Heart is through his Stomach... ...I think they're aiming a little high.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory... but you couldn't park anywhere near the place. [credit to Stephen Wright]
A man is about to marry a woman His fiancee has a very hot younger sister, that constantly tease him before. The day before their marriage he receive a call from his fiancee's sister saying they should do something special together since he will be married very soon, this would be their last opportunity to have fun. The man jump quickly into his car and head toward his fiancee's house. Upon his arrive, he found out his soon-to-be sister in law wears few cloth and keeps teasing him, hinted that she wan to have sex. She went upstairs in her room and threw her underwear on him. Aroused, the man rushed outside and surprisingly found out that his fiancee and her parent are outside. They congratulated him that he didn't cheat on his future wife and they would be happy together.  *^(^moral ^of ^the ^story: ^always ^leave ^condom ^in ^your ^car)*
What do yu get when you cross a Jew? Christianity.
How many Polish people does it take to be pallbearers at a funeral? Seven. Six to carry the casket and one to drag the body
The taxi driver A British and a United States Architects arrived at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta Indonesia for a Building Convention. They knew each other, arrived at about the same time, planned to stay at the same hotel, and they have both been to Indonesia before, so they agreed to share a taxi to get there. The taxi driver asked them where would he be taking them and they provided him with the location of their hotel. Soon enough, along the way to the hotel, they are engaged in a heated bragging contest about which nation is the better and faster builder. The English Architect said, "We built the Lloyd Tower of London, a 300 ft architectural masterpiece in just 8 years. That's about 37 ft a year." The American Architect is not going to lose face and said, "That's just child's play. We built the Empire State Tower, a staggering 1400 ft in just 3 years! How's that for speed." Suddenly they saw a tower downtown Jakarta that they've never seen before. It was a beautiful 500 ft tall building bustling with activities. Curiosity took the better of them, so they asked the taxi driver, "Mister driver, this here seems like a new building I've never seen the last time I was in Jakarta, do you know what building it is?" said the Englishman. "Yeah, I've never seen this building before either. Who built it?" said the American. The Indonesian taxi driver nonchalantly said, "Sir, I've heard about a building to be made around here sometime ago. Err.. about last month. But I've no clue whatsoever about this building here. It wasn't there when I went around here yesterday."
Why do Redditors pay with exact change? They can't stand a Nickleback!
So a black guy walks into a bank All dressed in black and says "I'm looking for a job!" The bank manager says, "Well, you're in luck! We have a position opening tomorrow that pays $48,000 a year and has access to a free car!" The black guy says "You're joking." The bank manager says "Well, you started it!" EDIT: Just for clarification, I heard this joke listening to XM on Sunday and thought it was funny, so I would share. I know it's not a politically correct joke. But it's just a joke. I thought it was funny. Humor is subjective. What you don't think is funny is hilarious to someone else. It's not an exact science. If you go up and down the subreddit there will be some jokes you find to be funny, some won't be, some will offend. But it's just humor.
the man wakes up with a big hangover and sees his wife packing... "Oh, you're awake, you asshole, goodbye". "But honey, I wasn't drunk, honest. Why, I just came home as usual, I remember perfectly I just drank a lemon juice and went to bed..." "Lemon juice, right, you moron. When you puke remember to flush and say goodbye to the poor canary"
How do you tell if someone is vegan or not? Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.
Did you hear about the shoe factory that was destroyed? They lost 500 souls!
Why did the african child die while choking on rice? because he had malaria
Little Jhonny At School Little Jhonny is at school and his teacher brings in a bag with something in it.She then says i have something in this bag whoever guesses it will get to keep it.It is round and red she says. Liutttle lucy says:AN APPLE.Correct The teacher replies.Little jhonny comes up and says i am holding something in my pocket,it is round, has a head,and is warm What is it?Little jhonny,goto the office.Thus little jhonny replies:It was a quarter but i like how youre thinking
What do you call a red-head that works at a bakery? A ginger bread man.
So a man orders a dozen margaritas. A man walks into a bar and immediately orders a dozen margaritas. The bartender says, "Wow, what's the special occasion?" The man looks up at the bartender and says, "First blowjob." The bartender says, "Ah, I remember my first blowjob. How 'bout an extra margarita on the house?" The man replied, "No thanks, if 12 doesn't get the taste out, nothing will."
What do you call a retarded jelly? A slow jam.
The Bacon Tree Two Mexicans are stuck in the desert after crossing into the United States, wandering aimlessly and starving. They are about to just lie down and wait for death, when all of a sudden Luis says... "Hey Pepe, do you smell what I smell? Ees bacon, I theenk." "Si, Luis, eet sure smells like bacon. " With renewed hope they struggle up the next sand dune, &amp; there, in the distance, is a tree loaded with bacon. There's raw bacon, there's fried bacon, back bacon, double smoked bacon... Every imaginable kind of cured pork. "Pepe, Pepe, we ees saved. Ees a bacon tree." "Luis, maybe ees a meerage? We ees in the desert don't forget." "Pepe, since when deed you ever hear of a meerage that smell like bacon...ees no meerage, ees a bacon tree." And with that, Luis staggers towards the tree. He gets to within 5 metres, Pepe crawling close behind, when suddenly a machine gun opens up, and Luis drops like a wet sock. Mortally wounded, he warns Pepe with his dying breath; "Pepe... go back man, you was right, ees not a bacon tree!" "Luis, Luis mi amigo... what ees it? " "Pepe.. ees not a bacon tree. Ees Ees Ees Ees Ees a ham bush...."
Display of courage in House of Leaves. From "Tom's Story", *House of Leaves*: I call this "A Little Bedtime Story For Tom." A long time ago, there was this captain and he was out sailing the high seas when one of his crew spotted a pirate ship on the horizon. Right before the battle began, the captain cried out, "Bring me my red shirt!" It was a long fight but in the end the captain and his crew were victorious. The next day three pirate ships appeared. Once again the captain cried out, "Bring me my red shirt!" and once again the captain and his men defeated the pirates. That evening everyone was sitting around, resting, and taking care of their wounds, when an ensign asked the captain why he always put on his red shirt before battle. The captain calmly replied, "I wear the red shirt so that if I'm wounded, no one will see the blood. That way everyone will continue to fight on unafraid." All the men were moved by this great display of courage. Well the next day, ten pirate ships were spotted. The men turned to their captain and waited for him to give his usual command. Calm as ever, the captain cried out, "Bring me my brown pants."
how do you get from floor to roof? smoke an L and look in the mirror
A nudist at a nudist camp got a letter from his mom asking for his picture. Since the only pictures he had of him was nude he cut one half of the photo and gave it to the mother. His mom called afterward and said "This is great honey can you send one for Grandma" he didn't want to cut another picture and he knew she couldn't see very well so he gave her the other half of the photo. A week later he got a letter from his grandma saying "thank you so much for the lovely picture, but i think your haircut makes your nose look big." TLDR dont send a picture of your dick to your grandma.
What do women and werewolves have in common? (Offensive) They both go berserk once every month.
Chicken Wire An old man was sitting on his front porch watching the sun rise. He sees the neighbor's kid walk by carrying something big under his arm. He yells out "Hey boy, whatcha got there?" **Boy yells back** "Roll of chicken wire." Old man says "What you gonna do with that?" **Boy says** "Gonna catch some chickens." Old man yells "You damn fool, you can't catch chickens with chicken wire!" Boy just laughs and keeps walking. That evening at sunset the boy comes walking by and to the old man's surprise he is dragging behind him the chicken wire with about 30 chickens caught in it. Same time next morning the old man is out watching the sun rise and he sees the boy walk by carrying something kind of round in his hand. Old man yells out "Hey boy, whatcha got there?" **Boy yells back** "Roll of duck tape." Old man says "What you gonna do with that?" **Boy says back** "Gonna catch me some ducks." Old man yells back, "You damn fool, you can't catch ducks with duck tape!" Boy just laughs and keeps walking. That night around sunset the boy walks by coming home and to the old man's amazement he is trailing behind him the unrolled roll of duck tape with about 35 ducks caught in it. Same time next morning the old man sees the boy walking by carrying what looks like a long reed with something fuzzy on the end. Old man says "Hey boy, whatcha got there?" **Boy says** "It's a pussy willow." Old man says "Wait up ... I'll get my hat."
Ol' Blue A young cowboy from Wyoming goes off to college. Half way through the semester, he has foolishly squandered all his money. He calls home. "Dad," he says, "You won't believe what modern education is developing! They actually have a program here in Laramie that will teach our dog, Ol' Blue how to talk!" "That's amazing," his Dad says. "How do I get Ol' Blue in that program?" "Just send him down here with $1,000" the young cowboy says. "I'll get him in the course." So, his father sends the dog and $1,000. About two-thirds of the way through the semester, the money again runs out. The boy calls home. "So how's Ol' Blue doing son?" his father asks. "Awesome, Dad, he's talking up a storm," he says, "but you just won't believe this - they've had such good results they have started to teach the animals how to read!" "Read!?" says his father, "No kidding! How do we get Blue in that program?" "Just send $2,500, I'll get him in the class." The money promptly arrives. But our hero has a problem. At the end of the year, his father will find out the dog can neither talk, nor read. So he shoots the dog. When he arrives home at the end of the year, his father is all excited. "Where's Ol' Blue? I just can't wait to see him read something and talk!" "Dad," the boy says, "I have some grim news. Yesterday morning, just before we left to drive home, Ol' Blue was in the living room, kicked back in the recliner, reading the Wall Street Journal, like he usually does. Then he turned to me and asked, "So, is your daddy still messing' around with that little redhead who lives in town?" The father exclaimed, "I hope you shot that son of a bitch before he talks to your Mother!"
This guy sites down next to a pretty young girl at a bar This guy sites down next to a pretty young lady at a bar and they strike up a conversation. The conversation is going pretty well, so the guy says "you remind me of my little toe." The lady, who is a bit confused, responds "is that because I'm small and cute?" The guy responds "no, it's because I'm going to bang you on the coffee table when I get home."
Jewish tie stand A fleeing Taliban fighter desperate for water was lost in the Afghanistan desert when he saw something far off in the distance. Hoping to find water, he hurried towards the object' only to find a little old Jewish man at a small stand selling ties. The Taliban fighter asked, "Do you have water?!!?" The Jewish man replied, "I have no water. Would you like to buy a tie? They are only $5." The Taliban fighter shouted, "Idiot! I do not need an over-priced tie. I need water! I should kill you, but I must find water first! " "Okay" said the old Jewish man, "It does not matter that you do not want to buy a tie and that you hate me. I will show you that I am bigger than that. If you continue over that hill to the east for about two miles, you will find a lovely restaurant. It has all the ice cold water you need. Shalom". Muttering, the Taliban fighter staggered away over the hill. Several hours later he staggered back, almost dead. "Your fucking brother won't let me in without a tie".
A Polish guy walked into a bar... ... in Poland. He announced that he had withdrawn his entire fortune, 100,000 zlotys, from the bank, invested it in gold bars, and put them into a safe in his house. This was back when a zloty was worth something, so the other patrons immediately started to argue with him: "You're an idiot! What if you get robbed? It's much safer in the bank." "The banks are about to fail," he responded. "But they can't fail, they're backed by the Polish government!" "... which doesn't have so much as a grosz and you know it. The government will fall apart along with the banks." "Fair enough," the other patrons answered, "but our friends the Russians will bail us out." "The Russian government isn't so stable either. What if it should collapse too?" "Well, wouldn't that be worth 100,000 zlotys?"
So I looked up Jewish porn the other day... But all I found was ash to mouth.
A daughter walks up to her dad and says "Dad, could I please borrow the car for tonight?" The father thinks about and says "Okay, sure. BUT, you have to suck my dick first." The daughter considers it and then says "Okay!" She proceeds to pleasure her father orally when she suddenly stops, looks up at her father and says with a confused look "Dad, why does your dick taste like shit?" The dad, now considering what she had just said suddenly exclaims "Oh shit, I let your brother borrow the car tonight!"
A husband discusses sexual protocol with his new wife "Honey" he says, when I want sex, I'll snuggle up to you and kiss your neck. If you're in the mood, turn around, grab my penis and pull on it twice. If you're not in the mood, turn around and pull on it a hundred times.
Regular sex makes your day. Butt sex makes your hole weak.
An Irishman walks into a bar .... An Irishman walks into a bar full of Englishmen. Looks around, and then says: "Right, this looks like a fair fight."
Job interview... (Two men are in an office going through a job application) Manager: ... so, what do you do in your spare time? Applicant: I make clean calls to women and hang up.
Lolipops There was a 1st grade teacher helping her students by giving them lolipops to develop their sense of taste. She handed out lollipops of the same flavor to each student. She then questioned them about the flavor of the lolipops. The class replied in unison "Strawberry!". She replied "Very good class" she then handed out the second flavor and ask them to identify the flavor. Again the class replied "Blueberry!" she praised the class by giving them one last lollipop that was honey flavored. When the kids tasted it, they went silent with looks of confusion on their faces. The teacher decided they needed a hint so she said "This is something your parents call each other" a girl in the back jumped up, threw the lolipop across the room and screamed "HOLY SHIT SHE GAVE US A LOLIPOP FLAVORED LIKE AN ASSHOLE!!!"
I had sex with my teacher... Today after school my teacher asked me to stay after for a little while, one thing led to another and we had sex but as we were finishing the principal interrupted and called my mother. My mother had to pick me up from school and all she said was "just wait until your father gets home." Once my father got home he came into my room and said "son, was your teacher at least good looking?" Which I replied "yes" and to my surprise my father said "you know what son I'm proud of you and because of that I'm going to buy you that new bike you wanted!" My dad went out and got the bike and when he got back we both just kind of looked at the bike when he asked "well aren't you going to ride it?" and I replied "No my butt still kinda hurts"
So a small white guy... Goes to prison for a wrong place at the wrong time crime. As they shut his cell door, he turns around and sees Bubba. Bubba says hey lets get one thing straight you wanna be the husband or the wife? The small white guy thinks for a minute and thinks I don't want to fucked in the ass... So he says to bubba I want to be the husband. Bubba says good...now get over here and give your wife a blow job!!!!
I'm switching all of my clocks to a 24-hour format... ...making it much easier to wait til 5 o'clock to start drinking
Did you see the newspaper report about the midget psychiatrist wanted by the police.... The headline said "Small medium at large"... I'll see myself out!
A boxer is fighting his twin The brothers have identical fighting styles, so neither is making much headway. They can read each other's strategy a few moves ahead and the few punches they throw are quickly blocked or dodged. Finally, one of them comes up with a last-ditch strategy and gives it a shot. The boxer feinted. Then he landed a knockout blow.
My town is holding their annual incest competition. I entered my sister.
A boy is at school... A boy is at school and he hears the older kids talking about pussy, and their bitch. The boy confused by this goes to his mother. "Mom", the boy asks, "What's a pussy?" The mother being startled by this thinks quick and finds the closest dictionary and opens it up to a picture of a cat and says "Son, that is a pussy." the son then asks "What's a bitch?" The mother again thinking quickly opens to a picture of a dog and says "Son, this is a bitch." The son walks away still confused, and sees his father watching television. The son walks up to his father and says "Dad, what's a pussy?" The father doesn't want to miss the baseball game so he quickly whips out his Penthouse magazine to the centerfold, grabs a marker and draws a circle around the vagina and says "Son, this is a pussy!" The son, now starting to understand what the older boys are talking about asks "Then, what is a bitch?" The dad replies, "That's everything outside the circle!"
What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly a dick up a butt.
Once in a land far, far away there lived a group of people called Trids... The Trids were happy except for the huge ogre that lived on the mountain. The ogre would periodically terrorize the Trids. The Trids tired of the ogre and sought to reason with him. They thought one of their religious leaders would be a good intermediary. So a group of Trids and their minister went up the mountain and before they could even say one word the ogre kicked them down the mountain. Not being dismayed the Trids thought that maybe the ogre was Catholic, so they sent another delegation, this time led by the local priest. But alas, as they approached the ogre he once again kicked them all down the mountain. The Trids were upset until they thought that perhaps the ogre was Jewish. Unfortunately, no Trids were Jewish, so they wrote to the people of another land and asked them to send a Rabbi to help them with the ogre. The Rabbi arrived and led a delegation of Trids up the mountain. The ogre saw them coming and kicked all of them, except for the Rabbi, down the mountain. The Rabbi, having been told of the previous expeditions, wondered why he alone had not been kicked down the mountain, so he asked the ogre. The ogre laughed and replied, "Silly Rabbi, kicks are for Trids!"
Oh, Bill... A reporter asks Bill Clinton, "How's Hillary's head?" He answers, "Well, she's no Monica!"
A man walks into a restaurant and asks the waiter what the soup of the day is. The waiter responds with an impression and says "buck buck buck buck". "Ahh! Soup" the man says. "No, it's actually mushroom." "Then why did you make a chicken sound?" "How would you make the sound of a mushroom?"
What is black &amp; blue and definitely not up for sex? The new girl in the women's refuge.
Hey grandson, what's the name of that german man who makes me go crazy? Alzheimer, grandma, Alzheimer...
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette... A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are stranded on an island. The natives there capture them and tell them that they're going to use their bodies to make boats to get out of there. Before killing them though, they'll grant them each one wish. The redhead wishes to be spared and allowed to go home, so keep their word and allow her to do so. The brunette wishes for the exact same thing, and again, they keep their promise. The blonde wishes for a fork. She takes the fork and stabs herself all over with it and says, "HA! Now your boat will sink!"
Aloha Joke Fans - I just made a subreddit for jokes you've personally authored, because I am procrastinating when I should be studying and had a little gem I couldn't shake out of my brain box. Visit r/madeupjokes and take a look! [Link for the lazy!](http://www.reddit.com/r/madeupjokes/)
What do you tell a jew to shut up? Sssshhhhhh
What did the lesbian vampires say to each other? Seeya next month!
Want to hear a joke? I was going to tell a gay joke, butt fuck it.
Confident man A rather confident man walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then casually looks at his watch for a moment. The women notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?" "No", he replies "I just bought this state-of-the-art watch and I was just testing it." The intrigued women says "a state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?" "It uses alpha waves to telepathically talk to me" he explains. "What's it telling you right now?" "We'll it says your not wearing panties..." The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties" The man explains, "Damn thing must be an hour fast"
A man moves into a haunted house After several nights of ghosts keeping him awake with their moaning and moving furniture around the house he calls an exorcist. A priest eventually comes round, performs some incantations, and sprinkles holy water around. The man was grateful for the priest's help with this haunting but says that he has no money on hand to pay him. The priest says "Fret not my son, we can send you a bill. Just pay it off within the month or we'll repossess your house."
Dick, Bob and Harry go to a magic mountain... if you jump off the top of this mountain and say what you wish to be, you will turn into what you wished to be. They reach the top and Harry decides to go first. " I want to be an eagle! " He jumps off and turned into a eagle. Dick jumps and says " I want to be a giant falcon! " He jumped and turned into a giant falcon. Bob says, " Harry! Dick! Wait for me! " He jumped and turned into a hairy dick.
A mother and father took their 6-year-old son to a nude beach. As the boy walked along the beach, he noticed that some of the ladies had boobs bigger than his mom's, and asked her why. The mother told her son, "The bigger they are the dumber they are." Satisfied with the answer, the boy left to play in the ocean, but returned to tell his mother that many of the men have larger "pee-pees" than his dad. His mother explained, "The bigger they are the dumber they are." Again, satisfied with the answer, the boy returned to the ocean to play. Shortly after, the boy came running back. "Momma, Momma! Daddy is talking to the dumbest girl on the beach, and the longer he talks, the dumber he gets!"
Observation There was a man in a mental hospital. All day he would put his ear to the wall and listen. The doctor would watch the guy do this day after day for months. Finally the doctor decided to see what this man was listening to, so one day he approached the wall and put his own ear up to the wall and listened. He heard nothing. He turned the mental patient and said, "I don't hear anything!" The mental patient replied, "Yeah, I know. It's been like that for months!"
Wife's Duties Three men were sitting together bragging about how they had given their new wives duties at home. The first man had married a woman from Georgia and had told her that she was going to do dishes and house cleaning. It took a couple days, but on the third day, he came home to a clean house and dishes washed and put away. The second man had married a woman from Arkansas. He had given his wife orders that she was to do all the cleaning, dishes, and the cooking. The first day he didn't see any results, but the next day he saw it was better. By the third day, he saw his house was cleaned and the dishes were done, and food was on the table. The third man had married a girl from Texas. He told her that her duties were to keep the house cleaned, dishes washed, lawn mowed, laundry washed and hot meals on the table for every meal. He said the first day he didn't see anything, the second day he didn't see anything, but by the third day the swelling had gone down and he could see a little out of his left eye, enough to fix himself a bite to eat and load the dishwasher.
Why are gay guys with big dicks the first ones picked at the bar? Low-hanging fruit
In the Supreme Court of Composition... "Your honor, this man has - with malice aforethought - clearly, wantonly, and remorselessly copied my newest song's Time Signature. You might call this a clear-cut-case of Four-Forgery."
I got in a lot of trouble on a date recently because I didn't open the car door for her Instead I just swam up to the surface
My boyfriend and I were at my daughter's volleyball game... when we noticed a couple in the bleachers. They were being VERY affectionate. She was running her hands all over him and nibbling on his ear. He had his hands on her too. I said to my boyfriend, "I don't know whether to watch them or the game." He said, "Watch them, you already know how to play volleyball. -_-"
An old one from Isaac Asimov As is well known, in this thirtieth century of ours, space travel is fearfully dull and time-consuming. In search of diversion, many crew Members defy the quarantine restrictions and pick up pets from the various habitable worlds they explore. Jim Sloane had a rockette, which he called Teddy. It just sat there, looking like a rock, but sometimes it lifted a lower edge and sucked in powdered sugar. That was all it ate. No one ever saw it move, but every once in a while, it wasn't quite where people thought it was. There was a theory that it moved when no one was looking. Bob Laverty had a heli-worm he called Dolly. It was green and carried on photosynthesis. Sometimes it moved to get into better light and when it did so it coiled its wormlike body and inched along very slowly like a turning helix. One day, Jim Sloane challenged Bob Laverty to a race. " My Teddy," he said, "can beat your Dolly." "Your Teddy," scoffed Laverty, "doesn't move." "Bet!" said Sloane. The whole crew got into the act. Even the captain risked half a credit. Everyone bet on Dolly. At least she moved. Jim Sloane covered it all. He had been saving his salary through three trips and he put every millicredit of it on Teddy. The race started at one end of the grand salon. At the other end, a heap of sugar had been placed for Teddy and a spotlight for Dolly. Dolly formed a coil at once and began to spiral its way very slowly toward the light. The watching crew cheered it on. Teddy just sat there without budging. "Sugar, Teddy, Sugar," said Sloane, pointing. Teddy did not move. It looked more like a rock than ever, but Sloane did not seem concerned. Finally, when Dolly had spiraled halfway across the salon, Jim Sloane said casually to his rockette, "if you don't get out there, Teddy, I'm going to get a hammer and chip you into pebbles." That was when people first discovered that rockettes could read minds. That was also when people first discovered that rockettes could teleport. Sloane had no sooner made his threat when Teddy simply disappeared from his place and reappeared on top of the sugar. Sloane won, of course, and he counted his winnings slowly and luxuriously. Laverty said bitterly, "You knew the damn thing could teleport." "No, I didn't," said Sloane, "but I knew he would win. It was a sure thing." "How come?" "It's an old saying everyone knows. ... Sloane's Teddy wins the race."
Strangers in the night... A man and a woman who had never met before, but who were both married to other people, found themselves assigned to the same sleeping room on a transcontinental train. Though initially embarrassed and uneasy over sharing a room, they were both very tired and fell asleep quickly, he in the upper berth and she in the lower. At 1 : 00 AM, the man leaned down and gently woke the womansaying,...........'Ma'am, ... I'm sorry to bother you, but would you be willing to reach into the closet to get me a second blanket? I'm awfully cold' 'I have a better idea,' she replied 'Just for tonight......let's pretend that we're married' 'Wow!.............That's a great idea!' he exclaimed.. 'Good,' she replied..........'Get your own damn blanket.' After a moment of silence, ..............he farted
So I just fell down the stairs holding a guitar... and accidentally wrote a One Direction song.
A marine and sailor are at a urinal. The sailor finishes first and starts washing his hands; the marine finishes and starts to walk out. The sailor quips, "Hey Jarhead, don't they teach marines to wash their hands after pissing?" The marine continues walking out the door saying, "Nope. They teach us to not piss on our hands."
What is E.T. short for? So he can fit into his spaceship.
I met a Muslim man who said he had the Qur'an on DVD. The trouble started when I asked him to burn a copy for me.
A frog enters a bank... He walks up to the teller, an old Irishman named Sean Paddywack. The frog hops onto the desk and opens up a small satchel. Inside is a small figurine. The frog says "I would like to take out a loan please," Sean looks at him and asks "What do you have for collateral?" The frog motions to the small figurine. "This is it," The frog says. Sean is aghast. "Mr. Frog, you cannot put up a figurine for collateral!" The frog responds that this is all he has. The teller and frog argue for about five minutes before Sean goes to see the manager. Mr. Frog comes along, carrying the figurine. The manager sees a teller and frog in his office and asks "What's the meaning of this?" Sean steps up, and begins to explain "Mr. Frog here attempted to open an account with nothing to offer but a... I don't know what it is!" The manager asks Mr. Frog for a look at the figurine. After inspection, he turns to Sean. "You don't know what this is?" "No sir, not at all" The manager motions to the figurine, "It's a knick-knack Paddywack! Give this frog a loan!"
The Turtle &amp; The Wolf A turtle and a wolf were great friends. One day, the wolf got trapped in a cave due to an avalanche, and he couldn't get out. He cried out for his friend turtle to help him. "Go get help!" he said, and then he waited. After a long time without any sign of help coming, the wolf started getting frustrated, "How long does that slow ass turtle take to get help?". Then he heard the turtle respond- "Keep complaining and I'll stop going."
3 men go to the red light district... An 18 year old boy, his father and his grandfather decide to have a men's night to celebrate the boy's 18th birthday. After quite some drinks the grandfather boasts: "When I became your age I was taken to the hookers and made a real man!" They agree that that would be a suitable way to end the night so they head off to the red light district. Some time after they have arrived and searched for a suitable working girl to close the deal they suddenly hear an older prostitute shouting from her window: "Men, I need more men!!" "Well", says the grandfather to his grandson, looks like we found the right one for you!" A little shy the boy makes his way upstairs to the prostitute and explains that it is his birthday and his rite of passage. "How lovely" said the lady of the evening and offered him a birthday special: "Here is a piece of chalk, for each time you satisfy me you can make a mark on the blackboard and I will give you a $5 discount for each mark". The boy agrees and does the very best he can. When he returns he proudly tells his father and grandfather how things went down and how well he did: "I had 3 marks on the blackboard!" Both the father and grandfather congratulate him with his achievement when the window opens again and they hear the harlot shout: "Men, I need more men!!" So they decide it's the turn of the father. The father goes to the courtesan and asks if he can have the same treatment because of his sons birthday. She accepts and after a while the father returns to the boy and the grandfather. He proudly boasts: "Because of my superior experience with women "I had 5 marks on the blackboard!" Promptly the window opens again and the moll shouts again: "Men, I need more men!!" So now the grandfather enters, while both the father and son snicker and laugh at the old man in disbelief. But after a while their jokes turn silent as it takes a long time for the grandfather to emerge. After quite a while, when they almost start to worry, the window opens again and the grandfather appears shouting: "Chalk, I need more chalk!!!"
Did you hear the one about the mother who called all her 10 sons Anthony? When someone told her that it's a complication she replied, "No it's not. It simplifies my life." "How so?" she was asked. "Simple" she replied, "When dinner's ready I just call Anthony and all of them come." "But what do you do if you want to call the attention of one in particular?" "I call him by his last name."
A man goes for a walk... and as he walks he approaches the local mental institution, on the other side of the wall he can hear the patients chanting "3! 3! 3! 3!". His curiosity has been piqued by all the commotion coming from within so he decides to take a glimpse through a hole he sees in the wall, as he bends down and peers through the wall silence falls over the yard and a long stick gets shoved through the hole and pokes him in the eye "4! 4! 4! 4! 4!"
What do you call the hair between grandma's breasts? Her pussy.
What's the most positive thing in Harlem? HIV.
Hitler and Stalin are sitting at the bar. A patron walks up to the bar and asks the barman if that's Hitler and Stalin sitting over there. He says yes.The man goes over to Hitler and Stalin and asks what they are doing. "We're planning world war 3" says Stalin. "We're going to kill 14 million Jews and 1 bike repair man" says Hitler. "Why the bike repair man?" The patron asks. Hitler says to Stalin "See? i told you no one would ask about the Jews"
A right-wing law firm is trying to overturn Roe v Wade. They find their test plaintiff, a man whose daughter had gotten an abortion after he forbade it. The firm sues the doctors, and the appeals go all the way to the Supreme Court, exactly as intended. The Court even agrees to hear the case ... only to uphold Roe v Wade, 5 - 4. All in all, it was a classic case of abort, retry, fail.
Was Hitler's favorite number 8? NEIN NEIN NEIN!
Yo mama jokes! Ill start, yo mama so ugly her dildos need viagra, yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gas money, yo mama so fat when she jumped in a pool she went straight to hell, yo mama so fat i ran outta gas tryin to drive around her, yo mama so black that when she got out of the car the oil light turned on, yo mama so ugly that when she was born the doctor slapped the parents, yo mama so hairy that you got rug burn at birth, yo mama so ugly that she got arrested for mooning the public, yo mama so fat that when i was watching tv and she walked past i missed 3 commercials, yo mama so ugly she made and onion cry, yo mama so old she sat behind jesus in 3rd grade.
Eric Clapton Did you know Eric Clapton's son was a speed reader? Six stories in 2 seconds.
What does Monsieur Homer say after spilling water on himself? D'EAU!
Thinking outside the box is dangerous... Because that's where all the cats leave their poo.
Little Johnny's first day in kindergarten Little Johnny is sitting in his kindergarten class when the teacher asks the following question: "There are three birds sitting on a fence, and a hunter shoots one of the birds. How many are left?" Little Johnny raises his hand and says, "There are zero birds left. One was shot, and the other two flew away when they heard the sound of the gunshot;" to which the teacher replies "No, Johnny, the answer is actually two, but I like the way you think." So then Johnny asks if he can pose a question to the teacher. She agrees to answer Johnny's question. Johnny says, "There are three women sitting on a park bench, eating popsicles. The first woman is just looking at the popsicle, not really paying it any mind. The second woman is biting the popsicle, taking off large chunks at a time. The third woman is slowly sucking on the popsicle, moving it in and out of her mouth, slowly and rhythmically. Which woman is married?" The teacher blushes and says "Well, if I have to guess, I suppose it would be the third woman." Johnny says, "Actually, it's the woman with the wedding ring on, but I like the way you think."
What does a Notre Dame fan do after his team beats the Roll Tide? Turn off the xbox and go to bed...
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? [well ..](/s"The pizza doesn't scream when it's in the oven")
A young couple is out carousing one evening...(could be repost) While driving down the highway the guy says to the girl, "If I go 100 miles an hour, will you take off your clothes?" She agrees and he begins to speed up. When the spedometer hits 100 she starts to strip. When she gets all her clothes off he is so busy staring at her that he drives off the road and flips the car. The girl is thrown clear without a scratch but her clothes and her boyfriend are trapped in the car. "Go get help," he pleads. She replies, "I can't, I'm naked." He points to his shoe that was thrown clear and says "Cover yourself with that and go get help." She takes the shoe, covers herself, and runs to the gas station down the road. When she arrives she is frantic and yells to the attendant, "Help! Help! My boyfriend's stuck!" The attendant looks down at the shoe covering her crotch and replies, "I'm sorry Miss. He's too far in."
A magician pulls rabbits out of hats. An experimental psychologist pulls habits out of rats.
What do you get when you throw a hand grenade into a bathroom in France? Linoleum Blownapart
The wedding night A young women marries a very rich very old man. On the wedding night they have adjoining suites. The young woman tells her husband that she loves him for his mind and that he should feel no performance pressure. If he feels up to sex to just knock on her door. She goes to bed expecting a restful and undisturbed night but about 5 minutes later there is a knock and in comes the old man. They proceed to have fairly rambunctious sex after which the old man returns to his room. The bride settles back to go to sleep. 10 min later there is another knock at the door and in he comes again, and another round of sex. Afterward he again leaves. The young bride is very tired by now and is looking forward to a good night's sleep. 10 minutes later there is another knock at the door. She bursts out incredulously, "Again?". The old man opens the door and replies, "What? Have I been here before?"
What's something that the inventor doesn't want, the buyer doesn't use, and the user doesn't know about it? A casket
What happened to the blind circumsizer? He got the sack.
Three Englishmen spot a Welshman alone in a pub... They say to each other "I'm bored, let's pick a fight with him." The first Englishman walks up to him and says "St. David wore frilly pink knickers." "Interesting, I didn't know that," said the unfazed Welshman. Flustered by his failed attempt at angering the Welshman, the first Englishman went back to his friends. The second Englishman walks up to the Welshman and says "St. David loved to take it in the arse." "Hmm, I had never heard that before. Quite interesting," said the still calm Welshman. The second Englishman walks back to his friends, and the third Englishman approaches. "St. David was English," says the third Englishman. The Welshman replies "I know, that's what those other two cunts were trying to tell me." My brother told me this one. EDIT: Spelling, correcting my lame American attempt at mimicking British dialogue.
My wife asks for 500$ every day wow and what does she buy with all that money ? I don't know I never give it to her.
There were three leprechauns standing outside a church... There were three leprechauns standing outside a church in Dublin- A father and two brothers. The oldest brother turned to his father and asked "Father, are there any nuns in that church that are leprechauns"? "No son" said the father "Don't be ridiculous, there's no nuns in that church that are leprechauns". "Tell me this then father", said the oldest brother "What about the other Church's in Dublin" "Stop talking nonsense my son, there are no nuns that are leprechauns in Dublin". "Ok father, I'll just ask one more question", said the son "is there such thing as a leprechaun that is a nun anywhere in the entire world". The father reflected for about ten seconds before answering "You know what my son? In any place, at any time, there has never been a nun that was a leprechaun. Ever" The oldest brother, satisfied with this answer, turned to the younger brother and said "Ha, I told ya you were fucking a penguin"
What is a mexicans favourite tv show? Spicks and specks. (google it)
A guy walks into a bar ouch
What do you call a special needs kid who is late for class? "tardy"
The Library Conversation A guy asked a girl in a library, "Do you mind if I sit beside you?" The girl answered with a loud voice, "I DON'T WANT TO SPEND THE NIGHT WITH YOU!!!" All the students in the library started staring at the guy, and he was embarrassed. After a couple of minutes, the girl walked quietly to the guy's table and she told him, "I study psychology, and I know what a man is thinking. I guess you felt embarrassed, right?" The guy responded with a loud voice, "$200 JUST FOR ONE NIGHT!? THAT'S TOO MUCH!!!" And all the people in the library looked at the girl in shock, and the guy whispered in her ear, "I study law, and I know how to make someone feel guilty."
A little old woman walked into the Bank She was carrying a large bag full of money. She insisted on speaking with the bank manager to open a savings account because, "It's a lot of money." After a great deal of negotiating, the bank staff decided to humor her and finally ushered her into the manager's office. The bank manager asked her how much she would like to deposit. To his astonishment she replied, "150,000!" and dumped the cash out of her bag on to his desk. The manager was curious as to how she came by all this cash, so he asked her, "Madam, it is a little unusual for someone to be carrying so much cash around. Where did you get this money?" The old lady replied, "Gambling." The manager then asked, "Gambling? What kind of gambling?" The old woman said, "Well, for example, I'll bet you 25,000 that your testicles are square." "Ahem!" coughed the bank manager, "If you don't mind me saying so, that's a rather silly bet. You can never win that kind of bet." The old lady challenged him, "So, would you like to take my bet?" "If you insist," said the bank manager."I'll be very happy to bet 25,000 that my testicles are not square!" The little old woman said, "Okay, but since there is a lot of money involved, may I bring my lawyer with me tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. as a witness?" "Certainly," replied the bank manager. That evening after work the bank manager started to have second thoughts about the bet and spent ages in front of a mirror checking his balls, turning from side to side until he was sure there was absolutely no way his balls were square and that he would win the bet. The next morning, at precisely 10 a.m., the little old woman appeared with her lawyer at the bank manager's office. She introduced the lawyer to the head of the bank and repeated the bet: "25,000 says the bank manager's balls are square!" The banker agreed with the bet again and the old lady asked him to drop his pants so they could all see. The little old lady peered closely at his balls and then asked if she could feel them. "Well, if you must," said the bank manager, "25,000 is a lot of money so you are entitled to be absolutely certain." Just then, he noticed that the lawyer was quietly banging his head against the wall. The bank manager said to the old lady, "What's wrong with him?" She replied, ["Nothing, except I bet him 100,000 that at 10 a.m. today I would have the Bank manager's balls in my hand."](/spoiler)
the old couple had no money left, so the husband says -"Martha, you spent all our monthly pension playing bingo. Now we cannot even buy food, the only way we got to get some money quickly is that you prostitute yourself" The old woman accepts her fate and goes out. The evening passes, then the full night. The husband begins to get worried, but her wife arrives at dawn: -"Phew that was a busy night, but I got 1.000 dollars and twenty cents" -"20 cents? Who was the asshole that paid you 20 cents?" -"Why, everyone, dear"
Confucius said, man who sleep with itchy bum... ... wake up with smelly finger. BA DUM TSS~
How do you know when your girlfriend is to young? When you have to make the aeroplane noise to get your cock in her mouth.
What is the needless meat to a vagina? The woman!
The Lie Detector A father buys a lie detecting robot that slaps the person when they lie. He then decides to test it on his son at supper. "Where were you last night?" "I was at the library." The robot slaps the son. "Okay! I was at a friends house." "Doing what?" "Watching a movie, Toy Story." The robot slaps the son. "Okay! It was porn!" cries the son. The father yells "What?! At your age, I didn't even know what porn was!" The robot slaps the father. The mother laughs and says "He certainly is your son!" The robot slaps the mother.
What did Jesus say to the Mexicans? Don't do anything until I get back
Before you get into an argument with someone walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when the argument starts you'll be a mile away and have their shoes.
Why didn't the coffee and the tea get along? Because they were being "brewed"
Did you hear about the man with five penises? His condom fitted like a glove.
An Atheist tourist was walking around Belfast ... An Atheist tourist was walking around Belfast and noticed all the community centre events for either Catholics or Protestants. After checking out yet another board, he asked a staff member: Atheist: "What do you do in this town if you're an Atheist?" Staff member: "Well sir, that depends on whether you're a Catholic atheist or a Protestant atheist."
what does an italian eat when he's mad at his boss ? kielbasa (said with an italian accent)
A guy walks into a Halloween party wearing nothin but jeans... The host says "Hey man, I'm really glad you could make it, but I don't get your costume." The guest says "Oh, I'm a premature ejaculation. I just came in my pants."
[OC] How to tell if you're gay... If when you fap, you like the feeling because there's a dick in your hand, rather than liking it because there's a hand around your dick - You're gay.
A drunk man walks into a bakery... He approaches the baker and says "I fucked your mother!" On which the baker replies "Go home dad"
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? Because the p is silent.
Another: Isaac Asimov's "Death of a Foy" It was extremely unusual for a Foy to be dying on Earth. They were the highest social class on their planet (with a name which was pronounced -- as nearly as Earthly throats could make the sounds -- Sortibackenstrete) and were virtually immortal. Every Foy, of course, came to voluntary death eventually, and this one had given up because of an ill-starred love affair, if you can call it a love affair where five individuals, in order to reproduce, must indulge in a year-long mental contact. Apparently, he himself had not fit into the contact after several months of trying, and it had broken his heart -- or hearts, for he had five. All Foys had five large hearts and there was speculation that it was this that made them virtually immortal. Maude Briscoe, Earth's most renowned surgeon, wanted those hearts. "It can't be just their number and size, Dwayne," she said to her chief assistant. "It has to be something physiological or biochemical. I must have them." "I don't know if we can manage that," said Dwayne Johnson. "I've been speaking to him earnestly, trying to overcome the Foy taboo against dismemberment after death. I've had to play on the feeling of tragedy any Foy would have over death away from home. And I've had to lie to him, Maude." "Lie?" "I told him that after death, there would be a dirge sung for him by the world-famous choir led by Harold J. Gassenbaum. I told him that by Earthly belief this would mean that his astral essence would be instantaneously wafted back, through hyperspace, to his home planet of Sortib-what's its name -- provided he would sign a release allowing you, Maude, to have his hearts for scientific investigation." "Don't tell me he believed that horse excrement!" said Maude. "Well, you know this modern attitude about accepting the myths and beliefs of intelligent aliens. It wouldn't have been polite for him not to believe me. Besides, the Foys have a profound admiration for terrestrial science and I think this one is a little flattered that we should want his hearts. He promised to consider the suggestion, and I hope he decides soon, because he can't live more than another day or so, and we must have his permission by interstellar law, and the hearts must be fresh and -- Ah, his signal." Dwayne Johnson moved in with smooth and noiseless speed. "Yes?" he whispered, unobtrusively turning on the holographic recording device, in case the Foy wished to grant permission. The Foy's large, gnarled, rather tree-like body lay motionless on the bed. The bulging eyes palpitated (all five of them) as they rose, each on its stalk, and turned toward Dwayne. The Foy's voice had a strange tone and the lipless edges of his open, round mouth did not move, but the words formed perfectly. His eyes were making the Foyan gesture of assent as he said: "Give my big hearts to Maude, Dwayne. Dismember me for Harold's choir. Tell all the Foys on Sortibackenstrete that I will soon be there --"
So I poured my root beer into a square glass... now I just have beer [](http://i.imgur.com/FVEqK.jpg)
A woman walked into a bar and asked the bartender for a double entendre. So he gave it to her.
4 men and their sons. 4 guys sitting around having drinks and one of the men had to use the restroom. The three others talked about their kids. The first guy said, "my son is my pride and joy he started working at a company at the bottom. He studied business and began to climb the corporate ladder, became president of the company. Hes so rich he gave his best friend a top of the line mercedes for christmas. The second guy said, "damn, thats terrific! my son is also the pride and joy. He started working for a big airline, went to flight school to become a pilot. He became a partner where he owns the majority of its assets. He is so rich that he gave his best friend a brand new jet as a christmas gift! the third man said. "well thats terrific! my son studied in the best universities and became an engineer, started his own construction company and is now a multimillionaire. He also gave an expensive christmas gift to his best friend, a 30,000 square foot mansion! the 3 guys congratulate each other just as the 4th guy returned from the restroom and asked what are all the congratulations for? one of the three guys said, "were talking about the pride we feel for the successes of our sons... "what about ur son?" they asked the 4th guy. the fourth man replied, " my son is gay and makes a living dancing as a stripper at a nightclub. The three friends said, " thats a shame...what a disappointment. The fourth man replied. " nah, im not ashamed hes my son and i love him..and he hasnt done too badly either. Just this christmas alone he received a beautiful 30,000 square foot mansion, a brand new jet and a top of the line mercedes from his 3 boyfriends.
Doc, doc! I can't sleep... A crazy guy had been having trouble sleeping when he decides to go visit his doctor. As he walks into the doctor's office, the doc looks up at him and sees what a mess he was with bags under his eyes and unkempt hair, the works. "Take a seat" says the doctor, "what seems to be the problem? "Well you see doc, I've been having a lot of trouble sleeping recently, I keep seeing these mice playing football in my room and they're keeping me up at night. You think you have anything I can take for that?" "Huh...that's interesting. Well, here you go, take two of these for sleeping better and take one of these to get rid of the mice." The doctor hands him over two boxes of pills. "You know what?" says the patient "I'll just take the sleeping pills after the game, thanks doc! It's the super bowl tonight, don't wanna miss that!"
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
A legume broke out of prison today Police are looking for the escapea.
A man with a gun enters a bar... ..."Who had sex with my wife?" he snarled. A muffled voice heard in the background said, "You don't have enough bullets for that mate."
Sex Shop The sales girl at the Sex Shop didn't bat an eye when the customer purchased an artificial vagina. "What are you going to use it for?" she asked. "I don't think it's any of your business," answered the customer, beet red and slightly offended. "Calm down, buddy," soothed the salesgirl. "The only reason I'm asking is that if it's food, we don't have to charge you sales tax."
Modern music is like taking a poop you like it at first, but then you realize its all shit in the end
Well, now she's fucked... A young handsome man was walking down the beach one day when he comes across a woman with no arms or legs crying. He stops and asks her what is the matter. She says that since she was born with no arms or legs, she had never been hugged. So the man hugs her and she stops crying. The next day he encounters her crying again, and asks what is wrong now. She says that since she was born with no arms or legs, she had never been kissed. Again, he feels bad and kisses her, making her happy again. The next day she is crying again, and he asks what could still be bothering her after he hugged and kissed her. She replies that since she was born with no arms or legs, she'd never been fucked. So, the man picks her up and throws her into the ocean and says, "now you're fucked!"
The thief who stole my calendar... Got 12 months.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
An elf walks into a bar. (LOTR) The hobbit laughed and walked under it.
I was about to tell a joke about sodium and hydrogen... ...but NaH
I organized a threesome last night There were a couple of no-shows, but I still had a great time.
Three construction workers were having lunch on a high rise.. The first worker opens up his lunchbox and says, are you kidding me? Another bologna sandwich! Every day its bologna! If I get another bologna sandwich i'm going to jump off this high rise! The second worker opens his lunch box and says, yeah i'm with you man I cant take anymore of this! The third worker says i'm with you guys. So the next day the three workers are all getting ready to eat lunch and they are all thinking about what they had said the day before. The first worker slowly opens his lunch box. Phew! Ham and cheese he says. The second worker cautiously opens his and says, thank god peanut butter and jelly! The third worker opens his and says oh man bologna, see you guys later and jumps off the high rise. The first worker then starts laughing and the second worker says, why are you laughing? Our friend of ten years just committed suicide! Then first worker says, cause the idiot packs his own lunch.
A Blonde A Brunette and A Redhead trespassed onto a farm later a farmer came to chase them out so they all went hiding in the barnyard. The redhead hid with the pigs and said "oink" "oink", the brunette hid with the cows and said "moo" moo", and the blonde hid under a potato sack and said "potato" potato"
Taking a taxi home One night, a man went out drinking with his friends. After having several drinks, he decided it was time to go home, but he knew that if he were to get pulled over, he would most certainly go to jail; so he decided to take a taxi home, good thing too, for on his way home, he passed through a DUI roadblock. Since he was in a Taxi, the police officers waved him on through. He eventually arrived home safely without a hitch, but when he woke up the next morning and walked outside, he wondered what in the hell he was going to do with the taxi!
A man walks into a bar and orders 12 shots of the good stuff... The bartender pours the 12 shots and places them in front of the man. The man then proceeds to shoot all 12, one right after the other. The bartender looks at him in disbelief and says, "Jesus, I've been doing this for 20 years and never seen anyone drink like that!" The man replies, "Well, if you had what I have, you would drink that like too." So the bartender asks him, "Shit, what do you have?" To which the man responds, "50 cents."
Spoof three way call??? So it has happened twice in the last two days where my phone rings (both times calls from people I know), I pick it up and start to talk (thinking they called me) but after 30 seconds of talking we both give the "so why did you call me" only to find out both of our phones were ringing from each others numbers. So how is this happening? is there a website that I dont know about that double spoofs at the same time? reddit I ask for your help...
The Pope flies out to Canada The Pope is visiting Canada For the first time in a very long while. He has two stops before he leaves; Ottawa and Toronto. So the Pope lands in Toronto and steps out of his plane and looks about. He sees an entire crowd of people waiting to see him. As he looks out into the crowd it appears he notices something. He walks off his plane into the crowd and pushes his way in front of a brown skinned man wearing a robe and a turban. The Pope kisses him on both cheeks, gets on his plane and leaves One man is shocked by this, and downright offended. "The Pope comes down to Canada for the first time in God knows when, only to bless a Paki and leave?!" The man forms a plan. He buys a long robe, wraps his head with a white cloth and paints his skin brown, shortly after arriving in Ottawa, somehow making it before the Pope. He waits at the airport for the Pope with a crowd of people. Again, the Pope lands and steps out to witness a large crowd of people. Once he eyes the man dressed up, he walks towards him and while kissing both of his cheeks he says; "I thought I told you to fuck off in Toronto."
The Afghan Quarterback The coach had put together the perfect team for the Chicago Bears. The only thing that was missing was a good quarterback. He had scouted all the colleges and even the Canadian and European Leagues, but he couldn't find a ringer who could ensure a Super Bowl win. Then one night while watching CNN he saw a war-zone scene in Afghanistan . In one corner of the background, he spotted a young Afghan Muslim soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand-grenade straight into a 15th story window 100 yards away. KABOOM! He threw another hand-grenade 75 yards away, right into a chimney. KA-BLOOEY! Then he threw another at a passing car going 90 mph. BULLS-EYE! "I've got to get this guy!" Coach said to himself. "He has the perfect arm!" So, he brings him to the States and teaches him the great game of football. And the Bears go on to win the Super Bowl. The young Afghan is hailed as the great hero of football, and when the coach asks him what he wants, all the young man wants is to call his mother. "Mom," he says into the phone, "I just won the Super Bowl!" "I don't want to talk to you, the old Muslim woman says."You are not my son!" "I don't think you understand, Mother," the young man pleads. "I've won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No! Let me tell you!" his mother retorts. "At this very moment, there are gunshots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives last week, and I have to keep your sister in the house so she doesn't get raped!" The old lady pauses, and then tearfully says, "I will never forgive you for making us move to Chicago !!!!
Two gay guys were in the shower... (NSFW) One says to the other; "hey man, I have to go to the bathroom, so don't start without me." So he goes and does his business. When he opens the shower door, he looks down, sees semen all over the shower door and disgustedly says; " I TOLD YOU NOT TO START WITHOUT ME!" The other guy replies; "I'm sorry, I farted."
How do you separate the Greek men from the Greek boys? A crowbar.
Why is imgur down? It was over *cat*pacity.
Wife Wanted! A man inserted an 'ad' in the classifieds: "Wife wanted". Next day he received hundred of letters. They all said the same thing: ["You can have mine."](/spoiler)
An English Girl.. WIFE: "I'm going to LONDON. What gift do you want?" HUSBAND: "An English girl." After a month, wife returns.. HUSBAND: "Where is my gift?" WIFE: "Wait for nine months!"
A Chemist, a Biologist, and a Mathematician... Were sitting on a bench in front of a hotel, and see two people enter, then three people exit. The Chemist claims that they must have been an error in the initial measurements, the biologist says they must have procreated, thus creating another person, the mathematician states that if one more person enters the building, the building would then be empty.
The Snail Two nations get into a pissing contest, each boasting it's military might. A third nation notices them, and being fed up, challenges them. Whoever wins this secret challenge will be known as the greatest nation. Willing to show off around the world, the two powerful nations agree. The leaders of the three nations meet on an island in the middle of the ocean to see what the secret challenge was. The leader of the third nation says "Whoever can destroy this here snail, wins the challenge." A bit confused they leave the island on a ship. The first nation sends a barrage of missiles from his flag ship to obliterate the snail. Heading back to the island they find that the snail is still there. Raging, the leader of the first nation takes his ship back to his capital. Heading away from the island the others look as 50 planes pass by and drop thousands of bombs filled with napalm and chemical gas. The group heads back to the island to find the snail still there. Smiling, the third leader takes a gun and shoots the snail up into smoking bits. Astounded the second leader ask: "How did you do that?" Still smiling, the third leader says: "Assault rifle"
Ever made love under a mirrored ceiling? I could see myself doing that.
Best Porn movie title ever Q:What do you call a Czechoslovakian gay porn movie? A:Czech is in the male. yeah..... As a bonus: This is actually a real movie. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1091755/
A hot dog and a hamburger... A hot dog and a hamburger are having a drink at the bar. The hot dog says, "I've got some bad news for you and I can either sugar coat it, or give it to you straight." The hamburger replies, "Please--Beef Frank."
So I've been trying to sell my Ubermensch Action Figures... But it's difficult to cater to such a Nietszche Market.
What do you call a vietnamese turkey? Gobbledy gook.
What do you call a dinosaur that likes spicy food? A mega-sore-ass.
I never take risk while drinking When I come from office in the evening, wife is cooking I can hear the noise of utensils in the kitchen I stealthily enter the house Take out the bottle from my black cupboard Shivaji Maharaj is looking at me from the photo frame But still no one is aware of it Becoz I never take a risk I take out the glass from the rack above the old sink Quickly enjoy one peg Wash the glass and again keep it on the rack Of course I also keep the bottle inside my cupboard Shivaji Maharaj is giving a smile I peep into the kitchen Wife is cutting potatoes No one is aware of what I did Becoz I never take a risk I: Any news on chopra's daughter's marriage Wife: Nope, she doesn't seem to be that lucky. Still they are looking out for her I again come out; there is a small noise of the black cupboard But I don't make any sound while taking out the bottle I take out the glass from the old rack above sink Quickly enjoy one peg Wash the bottle and keep it in the sink Also keep the Black Glass in the cupboard But still no one is aware of what I did Becoz I never take a risk I: But still I think chopra's daughter's age is not that much Wife: What are you saying? She is 28 yrs old... like an aged horse I: (I forgot her age is 28) Oh Oh... I again take out potatoes out from my black cupboard But the cupboard's place has automatically changed I take out the bottle from the rack and quickly enjoy one peg in the sink Shivaji Maharaj laughs loudly I keep the rack in the potatoes &amp; wash Shivaji Maharaj's photo &amp; keep it in the black cupboard Wife is keeping the sink on the stove But still no one is aware of what I did Becoz I never take a risk I: (getting angry) you call Mr. chopra a horse? If you say that again, I will cut your tongue...! Wife: Don't just blabber something, go out and sit quietly... I take out the bottle from the potatoes Go in the black cupboard and enjoy a peg Wash the sink and keep it over the rack Wife is giving a smile Shivaji Maharaj is still cooking But still no one is aware of what I did Becoz I never take a risk I: (laughing) So chopra is marrying a horse!! Wife: Hey go and sprinkle some water on your face... I again go to the kitchen, and quietly sit on the rack Stove is also on the rack There is a small noise of bottles from the room outside I peep and see that wife is enjoying a peg in the sink But none of the horses are aware of what I did Becoz Shivaji Maharaj never takes a risk chopra is still cooking And I am looking at my wife from the photo and laughing Becoz I never take........what???
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass? Irresistible.
I know the word diputserom sounds bad, but its more stupid backwards
Who gets the most ass in college? The chair
A visibly exhausted man walks into a bar and orders a drink. "Long day?" asks the bartender. "No, all days are 24 hours long" the man replies, amazed at how uneducated the bartender is.
One my grandmother told me . . . Little Susie's mother was sending her to the corner grocery store. "Ask for a pound of dried peas," she said. "And don't forget to ask Mr. Jones how his wife is feeling. She had a bad fall last week." So Little Susie walks to the grocery repeating to herself, "A pound of dried peas, and how is your wife feeling? A pound of dried peas and how is your wife feeling?" So she finally gets to the grocery store and goes up to Mr. Jones behind the counter. "Well hello, Little Susie," said Mr. Jones. "What can I do for you?" Little Susie replied in one breath, "I would like a pound of dried peas, and how is your wife feeling?" "Split or whole?" said Mr. Jones. Little Susie's eyes bulged out. "She DID?!"
A beautiful young woman goes to the dentist to have a tooth extracted ... She sits down tentatively before looking up at the dentist and says,"I am just so anxious about this whole procedure. You know, I think I would rather be fucked up the ass without any lubricant than have a tooth pulled out." The dentist replied,"Well...you better make up your mind before I adjust the chair."
Neighborhood Hootenanny A fella -- let's call him "Chad" -- moves out of the city and buys himself a nice big home in the country. He enjoys the fresh air and being away from the noise and traffic of the city, but it isn't long before he finds himself feeling bored and a little lonely. He decides to cure both by heading out and introducing himself to the neighbors. He sets out on foot and walks for a couple of miles but sees nothing more than a lot of trees and open countryside. Finally he comes across a house where a man in a straw hat and denim overalls is sitting on the porch. As Chad approaches the yard, the man in the straw hat runs out to greet him. "Howdy, neighbor! You must be that city-boy just moved in up the street!" "That's right," Chad replies. "I'm Chad. Pleased to meet you." "Well Chad, I'm Buck," the friendly neighbor returns. "Damn glad to meet ya! You ain't been innerduced to the neighborhood yet, have ya?" "No, sir," Chad says with a shrug, "I guess I haven't." "Well I'll tell you what: You come by my house about 8 o'clock Friday night. We'll get everybody in the neighborhood out here and have us a big ol' hootenanny!" "That sounds great." "Oh yeah," Buck agrees. "It's a good-ol' time! I gotta tell ya somethin' though. There's gonna be a lot of drinkin'. You okay with drinkin'?" Chad nods. "Sure." "Well good! Any time we have us one of these hootenannies, there's always a lot a' drinkin' goin' on. 'Course, when we get to drinkin', that's when we get to fightin'." "Fighting?" Chad asks. "Yep. Any time there's drinkin' goin' on, there's gonna be some fightin'. You okay with that?" "Well, I guess..." "Great! 'Cause I done saved the best for last! Y'see after the fightin', then there's gonna be some fuckin'!" "Is that so?" "Yessiree! Always three things you can count on at these-a-here hootenannies: drinkin', fightin', and fuckin'." "Well that sounds ...interesting," Chad remarks. "Friday night, then?" "Yep, Friday night!" "What should I wear?" "Aw, hell," Buck exclaims. "It don't matter. It's just gonna be the two of us!"
So..... That thing on top "i" So the little dot on top of the letter i has a name.... You
What did the Banana say to the Vibrator "I don't know why you're shaking, she's going to eat me!"
Excuse me, do you like graves? Yeah, I dig 'em.
A man walks in a bar and see's an elephant sat in the corner. He walks up to the barman and asks" whats the deal with the elephant". The barman replies " if you can make him laugh i'll give you 500". the man walks over to the elephant and whispers somthing in his ear. The elephant imediatly bursts into laughter. The man walks over to the barman gets his 500 quid and leaves. A week later the man walks back in the bar and asks the bartender if its the same deal with the elephant, to which the bartender replies" no this time i'll give you 500 quid if you can make him cry". The man then walks over to the elephant stands in front of it out of the view of the bartender. The elephant then just bursts out in tears. As the man walks back to the bar to get his money the bartender say " look mate i just need to know how you did it" to which the man replies" the first time i came in I whispered in his ear, I have a bigger dick than you. the second time I came in I proved it"
World's second shortest joke An Irishman walks past a bar...
A guy asked my girlfriend "Who would win a fight between a taco and a hotdog?" ... so I punched him in the head.
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection except one. He's never gonna give you Up.
smart blonde joke A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the Loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and Needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Mercedes Benz SL 500. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank, she has the title and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blond for using a $110,000 Benz as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then proceeds to drive the Benz into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is, why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blonde replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my Car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
what is it called when a redditor has a threesome? using both hands
Two deer walk out of a gay bar One deer turns to the other and says "I can't believe I blew 30 bucks in there"
Husband and Wife 40th Anniversary A husband and wife had a bitter quarrel on the day of their 40th anniversary. The husband yells, "When you die, I'm getting a headstone that reads: 'Here lies my wife, cold as ever'." "Yeah," she replies, "When you die, I'm getting you a headstone reading: 'Here lies my husband, stiff at last." -Sacha Guitry
An Irishman walks out of a bar. Badum, ssssshhhhhhh
An English Woman, a Welsh woman, and an Irish women walk up to a man with no arms and legs laying on a beach... The English woman walks up to the man with misty eyes and asks the man, "Have you ever been hugged?" The man replies, "No, I haven't." So the English woman wraps her arms around him and gives him a great bear hug. Next the Welsh woman walks up to the man and asks, "Have you ever had a kiss with a woman?" "No, I have not", replies the man with no arms and legs. So the Welsh woman walks up to him and plants a small kiss on the mans lips and walks away. Finally the Irish woman walks up to the man and asks, "Have ya ever been fooked?" Eagerly the man replies, "No, ma'm, I have not not." "Well lad you will be when the tide comes in."
The worst part about working with a bunch of dicks... ...is they tend to rub off on you.
Ole decides to take Sven hunting for the first time... They get up very early in the morning to head out, as hunters do. Sven said, "Ole, you wait by dis der tree here, while I go down to da valley and flush out da deer. If you see a deer, you shoot it and I'll come. If you hear a gunshot over my way, you come over and help me drag 'er out." Ole waited by the tree, and soon felt a rumbling in his stomach. Nature called, and he found a hollowed out log to sit on and do his business. Ole, being the lazy son-of-a-gun he was, fell asleep on the log. Sven was off in the valley and saw a deer. BANG. Put it down with one shot. Sven gutted the deer, and waited for Ole to come. No Ole. Pretty soon, Sven gets tired of waiting and goes to drag the deer by himself back to the truck. He passes Ole still sound asleep on the log. "Dat lazy, doggone, sorry excuse fer a hunter," Sven said, "I'll show him." Sven walks back to where he shot the deer, takes all the insides of the deer, and puts them under the log where Ole was sleeping. Then Sven hauled the deer by himself back out to the truck and waits. And waits. Pretty soon the sun is going down, and Sven is ready to head back to find Ole when he sees him coming out of the woods. Ole is stumbling slowly towards Sven, using a long walking stick to hold himself up. Sven says, "What happened, Ole? Why are you walking so slow der?" Ole replies, "Sven! You wouldn't believe it. I sat down on a log ta do my business, and I fell asleep. When I woke up, I POOPED MY GUTS OUT! ...But by the grace of God and with the help of this stick, I got almost all of 'em back in!"
What starts with e, ends with e, and has one letter in it? An envelope.
I have two short jokes and one long joke. . . Joke Joke Joooooooooooooooooooke. (I apologize to everyone. That one offended even me.)
Knock knock... Who's there? Go fuck yourself.
World's shortest mathematical joke Let   0
Worlds shortest joke... (fixed) My life.
So, my wife makes moonshine.... ...but I love her still.
Why are New Yorkers so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.
Where do they send trickster tuna when they catch them? A Tuna Chi-Cannery
Why can't you play UNO with a mexican? They always steal the green card.
What's long, brown, and sticky? A stick
A performative poet from Hibernia Rhymed himself into a hernia He became quite adept At this practice, except For the occasional non-sequitur
Sunbathing gentleman A man sunbathing naked at the beach. For the sake of civility, and to keep it from getting sunburned, he had a hat over his privates. A woman walks past and says, snickering, 'if you were a gentleman you'd lift your hat.' He raised an eyebrow and replied, 'if you weren't so ugly, it would lift itself'
How did you die? Two men waiting at the Pearly Gates strike up a conversation. How'd you die?' the first man asks the second. I froze to death,' says the second. That's awful,' says the first man. How does it feel to freeze to death?' It's very uncomfortable at first', says the second man. You get the shakes, and you get pains in all your fingers and toes. But eventually, it's a very calm way to go. You get numb and you kind of drift off, as if you're sleeping. How about you, how did you die?' I had a heart attack,' says the first man. You see, I knew my wife was cheating on me, so one day I showed up at home unexpectedly. I ran up to the bedroom, and found her alone, knitting. I ran down to the basement, but no one was hiding there, either. I ran up to the second floor, but no one was hiding there either. I ran as fast as I could to the attic, and just as I got there, I had a massive heart attack and died.' The second man shakes his head. That's so ironic,' he says. What do you mean?' asks the first man. If you had only stopped to look in the freezer, we'd both still be alive.'
12 inch Pianist One day, a man walks into a bar and sees a 1 foot tall man playing the piano. He asks the bartender how he got the 12 inch pianist. The bartender says, "Oh yeah, there is a genie out back behind the bar!" so the man walks out behind the bar and asks the genie for 1,000,000 bucks. Sure enough, the genie poofed up a million ducks. So the man goes back inside the bar, and he says to the bartender, " I asked for a million bucks, but it gave me a million ducks!" Then the bartender says smugly, "You really think I would ask for a twelve inch pianist?"
Personal Matter. Husband : (calls up Hotel Manager from Room) Please come fast, I am having an argument with my wife &amp; she says she will jump from your hotel window. Manager : Sir, I am sorry, but this is your personal matter. Husband : Are you stupid? The window's not opening. this is a maintenance issue!!!
Fast thinking old man The old farmer had a large pond in the back, fixed up nicely with picnic tables, a barbecue pit, horseshoe courts, and some apple and peach trees. The pond was properly shaped and fixed up for swimming when it was built. One evening, the old guy decided to go down to the pond and look it over. He hadn't been there for a while. He grabbed a five gallon bucket to bring back some fruit. As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny dipping in his pond. As he approached, he made the women aware of his presence. At once, they all went to the deep end. One of the women shouted to him, "We're not coming out until you leave." The old man frowned, "I did not come down here to watch you young ladies swim naked, or to make you get out of the pond naked." Holding up the bucket, he said, "I'm here to feed the alligator." Moral: Old men can still think fast!
Why did the student do their multiplication problems on the floor? Their teacher told them not to use tables!
3 guys walk into a bar.... and the fourth guy ducks!
If today's weather were a fashion line, which would it be? Burrrrberry
What did the racist ask Santa for? A white Christmas.
Knock Knock... Whos there? John. John who? *John begins to weep as he realizes his grandmothers Alzheimer's has progressed to a level where she no longer remembers his name.*
My friend asked me to make a joke about Yttrium. All I had to say was "Why?"
What kind of pants does Mario wear? denim denim denim
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything...
I cracked a beer at 9:11 this morning... Too soon?
My brother told me a joke and for once I thought it was actually funny so I thought I would share There was this businessman who was getting ready to go on a long business trip and knew that his wife was very flirtatious, so he thought he'd try to get her something to keep her occupied while he was gone. He went to a store that sold sex toys and started looking around. He was browsing through the dildos, looking for something special when he started talking to the old man behind the counter. He explained his situation to the old man to which he replied, "Well, I don't really know of anything that will do the trick for weeks, except..." "Except what?" "Nothing, never mind." "Please tell me! I'm desperate!" "Well sir, I don't usually do this but you seem like a nice guy", and reached under the counter and pulled out a dusty, old wooden box, carved with strange symbols. He opened it, and there lay a very ordinary-looking dildo. "I present to you the Vudu Dick!" The businessman laughed, and said "Big deal, it looks like every other dildo in this shop." The old man smirked and without a response to the businessman, pointed to the door and said "Vudu Dick, the door." The Vudu Dick rose out of its box, darted over to the door, and started screwing the keyhole. The whole door shook with the vibrations, cracked down the middle, and then broke into pieces on the ground. Businessman: "I'll take it!" The old man resisted and said it wasn't for sale but finally surrendered when the businessman offered $700 in cash. The guy took it home to his wife, told her it was a special dildo and that to use it, all she had to do was say... "Vudu dick, my pussy." He left for his trip satisfied that things would be fine while he was gone. After he'd been gone a few days, the wife was unbearably horny. She thought of several people who would willingly satisfy her, but then she remembered the Vudu Dick. She got it out, and said "Vudu Dick, my pussy!" The Vudu Dick shot to her crotch and started pumping. It was better than anything she ever experienced before. After three orgasms, she decided she'd had enough, and tried to pull it out, but it was stuck in her and wasn't stopping. She tried and tried to get it out, but nothing worked. Her husband had forgot to tell her how to shut it off. She decided to go to the hospital to see if they could help. She got in the car and started to drive to the hospital. On the way, another orgasm nearly made her swerve off the road, and got her pulled over by a policeman. He asked for her license, and then asked how much she'd had to drink. Gasping and twitching, she explained that she hadn't been drinking, but that a Vudu Dick was stuck in her pussy, and wouldn't stop screwing. The officer looked at her for a second, and then said: "Yea and that's what made you swerve like that, right? Woman: "Please officer, I was really on my way to hospital to try and get the Vudu Dick taken out." To which the officer replied: "Vudu Dick, my ass!"
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? That's NOT funny!
Why couldn't the blonde make icecubes? because she lost the recipe.
Worlds shortest horror story The last man on earth sat alone in a room...... there was a knock on the door...
This actually happened My brother has a lockbox and lost the key, so he said to me "Zaent, can you pick a lock?", I replied "Give me two and I'll pick one."
What is the difference between British beer and a pussy? The pussy only tastes like piss at the start.
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you? Run like hell! She's got a grenade in her mouth!
Breakfast musings... A boiled egg is hard to beat.
So a cop pulled me over one day for speeding... he asked: "excuse me sir, but do you know how long i've been waiting for you?" i said:" i know, i'm sorry but i tried to get here as fast as i could."
Highland Guard The Captain of the Highland Guards walks into an apothecary, throws onto the counter a well worn condom full of holes, and says, "Houu much to ha it rrrrepaired?" The druggist replies, "Four pence." The Captain says, "Houu much to ha it rrrreplaced?" The druggist replies, "A shilling." The Captain says, "I'll be rrright bach," and walks out of the shop. The Captain returns, and says, "I ha spoken wit tha men! They ha voted to ha it rrrepiared."
You know whats funnier than Philly... Your Religion
A genius and a pollock were fighting over who was smarter. After much bickering the genius says "Let's go to the college. My friend is a professor there and he can solve this." The pollock agrees and off to the college they go. After listening to much debate from the two the professor says "I have the solution. I want you both to write an essay and tomorrow you both have to read it in front of my class. Best one wins. The catch is it has to end in the word Timbuktu." They both agree and head off to write their essays. Next day comes and in front of the class they both stand. First up is the genius. "Mighty winds and desert sands Blew against our caravan. East we were going West we were due Destination unknown Timbuktu." Pollock: "Tim and I a camping we went. In the forest the night we spent. Came across some girls outnumbered 3 to 2 I bucked one and Tim bucked two"
She said she wanted to hear a double-entendre... ...so I gave her one.
Hunting at its finest A guy is walking down the street with some chicken wire under his arm. His neighbor sees him and asks what he has. The guy replies, "Its chicken wire and I'm going to catch some chickens." His neighbor says, "You fool, you can't catch chickens with chicken wire." Later that night, he sees the guy walking down the street dragging 12 chickens. The next day he sees him walking down the street with some duct tape under his arm. Once again he asks what the guy is up to. The guy says he has some duct tape and he is going to catch some ducks. He replies, "You fool, you can't catch ducks with duct tape." Sure enough later that night, he sees the guy walking down the street dragging 12 ducks behind him. The next day, he sees the guy walking with something else under his arm. He asks what it is. The guy replies, "Its pussy willow." He says, "Hold on, let me get my hat."
Obama, Michelle, and Oprah are on a plane together... .... Obama says, i can drop 1 $1,000 bill and make someone really happy! OK, Michelle says... I can drop 10 $100 bills and make 10 people really happy. I got you, Oprah says... I can drop 100 $10 bills and make 100 people happy! The pilot pops his head around the corner and says "I can drop one plane and make a 155 million people happy".
What do you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other Ilene. What do you cal an Asian woman with one leg shorter than the other? Irene
Trooper in Iraq A man recently deployed to Iraq is being shown around his new base. At the end of the tour the commanding officer shows the soldier a camel tied to a post. He says,"The men use this camel whenever they begin to feel lonely, feel free to do the same." The soldier responds,"Oh, I'm sure it will never get to that point, sir. I'm married" A couple of weeks pass and the soldier is really missing his wife and stressing about how much longer he has till he'll see his wife again. One night unable to sleep he caves in and has sex with the camel. The next morning he runs into the commanding officer and says,"It happened, sir. I couldn't take the loneliness and had sex with the camel." Commanding officer baffled,"You did WHAT!? The men use that camel to ride into town to buy prostitutes!"
What do you call a bunch of rabbits walking backwards? A receding hare line!
Watch for kids So a guy goes to this park with his son and stands next to a sign that says watch for kids. A few minutes later a guy comes up to him and says ive got the watch and the guy says ive got the kid and then the kid never sees his father again.
My favorite blond joke of all time... So two blondes were analyzing some tracks. The first one insisted they were rabbit prints, while the second blond was certain they were made by a raccoon. Back and forth they argued, rabbit tracks, raccoon tracks, rabbit tracks. Then they got hit by a train.
Whats that smell? Auschwitz.
This fella is on safari in Africa when he comes across an elephant lying on the ground, in distress. He investigates and finds a thorn in its foot. He removes it, and the elephant trots merrily away. Twenty years on, the man is standing in the street in London watching a circus procession pass by. When the elephant gets level with him, it stops, looks straight at him, reaches out with its trunk, lifts him bodily into the air, smashes him on the ground and jumps on him. It was a different elephant.
The one with most interesting story gets in Three men that have died meet Saint Peter at the pearly gates Saint Peter: "Sorry we do not have enough room right now I am only going to be able to let one of you in, each of you tell me how you died and the one with the most interesting death will be allowed in" Guy 1: "Well, I suspected my wife was cheating on me so I came home form work early, my wife was in the bedroom and I started to search the apartment. Eventually saw someone hanging from the balcony so I began to stomp on his fingers and he fell, we live on the 2nd story so he was only injured, so the I took the fridge and threw it on him. I felt so guilty that I decided to take my own life." Guy 2: "I was out on the balcony of my apartment having a smoke when I leaned too far of the ledge and fell, I live on the 3rd story but luckily I caught myself on the second. Then all of a sudden some asshole starts stomping on my fingers and I fall, I was lucky though to only have minor injuries, but then the dick through a fridge on me and killed me." Guy 3: "The last thing I remember was hiding naked in the fridge of some woman I was banging."
We recently spent $2500 on a young Black Angus bull. We put him out with the herd, but he just ate grass and wouldn't even look at a cow. I was beginning to suspect he was gay, if that's possible with a bull. Anyhow, I had the Vet come have a look at him. He said the bull was very healthy, but possible a little young, so he gave me some pills to feed him once per day. Holy crap! The bull started to service the cows within two days. All of my cows! He even broke through the fence and bred all my neighbor's cows! He's been breeding just about everything in sight. He's like a machine! I don't know what the hell was in those pills the Vet gave him but they kind of taste like peppermint.
How do you kill a blonde? There are three ways; -put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool -a mirror at the bottom of a pool -or put a condom on the top of a flag pole
What did one leper say to another? Got yer nose!
Choose Wisely... A rather bad man dies and meets Satan in a room with three doors. Satan explains, "I have good news and bad news. The bad news is that you have to spend eternity behind one of these doors. But, the good news is that you can take a peek behind each and take your choice." So, the man opened the first door and saw a room full of people, standing on their heads on a concrete floor. Not very nice, he thought. Opening the second door, he saw a room full of people standing on their heads on a wooden floor. Better, he thought, but best to check the last door. Upon opening the last door, he saw a room full of people, standing waist-deep in excrement and sipping coffee. "Of the three, this one looks best," he said and waded in to get something to drink while Satan closed the door. A few minutes later the door opened, Satan stuck his head in and said, "Ok, coffee break's over, back on your heads!"
So i made a joke about paper.. but it was tearable
Knock Knock! Who's there? Frank Sinatra! Frank Sinatra who? Seriously?
What do you call a cheese that isn't yours? NACHO CHEESE!
Hey guys! I need help with coming some jokes about real estate. Does anyone have any good, clean and appropriate jokes? I'm doing some work for an organization and they requested some jokes about real estate. So far, I'm having a really difficult time coming up with good jokes :(. But my work said I'm allowed to ask Reddit for help. So if anyone can help me out, that would be much appreciated!
Support the war on crack. Stop wearing low rise jeans.
What do you do when you see a space man? Park your car in it man.
A man walks into a bar... ... and sees a midget playing the piano and a man sitting at a table stroking his beard. The man walks over to the man at the table and says "What's going on around here?" "Well I found this genie lamp and I can't decide what else to wish for." "Can I have a wish then!" Says the man enthusiastically. "Sure" he says. He gives him the genie lamp and the genie say "Ok, go ahead!" "I wish for a million bucks." Then a million ducks came walking through the door. "What is this, I said a million bucks not a million ducks!?" "I'm sorry" says the genie, "I have bad hearing. The man at the table says, " yeah and he thought I wished for a 12 inch pianist"
Tim Tebow
Wanna hear a bird joke?! I don't have one... This is hawkward.
I used to be a halogen Then I took a proton to the Ne.
What's the difference between a bag of dead babies and a mercedes? I don't have a mercedes in my garage!
I just had to fire my Korean housekeeper... ...She kept trying to wok the dog.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised as youth. Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
For all the soccer fans: Manuel Neuer walks into a bar, sits down, and orders a beer. Across the bar he sees Iker Casillas and thinks to himself, "Look at stupid Casillas, I hate that motherfucker. Everyone thinks hes better than me and I'm sick of it... I'll show him who the bigger man is". So Neuer calls the bartender over and says, "Bartender, I wanna order a beer for that Spanish guy across the bar. But before you give it to him, bring it here so I can spit it in". The bartender says, "Okay I guess. But man, thats cruel". Neuer looks at him and says, "That's not Krul... its Iker Casillas".
Are you from Iraq? Because I wanna see you Baghdad ass up
So there is this guy named Juan... So there is this guy named Juan and Juan is a great guy. He doesn't drink he doesn't smoke, he doesn't beat his wife and kids. He doesn't kick his armadillo a cross the back yard. One day, person number one comes up to him and says "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't beat you're wife and kids. You don't kick your armadillo a cross the backyard. You should run for Dog Catcher And Juan in typical Juan fashion goes "hmm, I never thought of it that way before." So he runs for Dog Catcher and he winds in a **Landslide** A what? A **Landslide** So Juan is doing a good job as the Dog Catcher and person number 2 comes up to Juan and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't beat you're wife and kids. You don't kick your armadillo a cross the backyard. You should run for school board." And Juan in typical Juan fashion goes, "hmm, I never of thought of it that way." So he runs for school board. And he wins in a **Landslide** A what? A **Landslide** So Juan is doing a good job on the School Board and person number 3 comes up to Juan and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't beat you're wife and kids. You don't kick your armadillo a cross the backyard. You should run for Mayor." And Juan in typical Juan fashion goes, "hmm, I never of thought of it that way." So he runs for Mayor. And he wins in a **Landslide** A what? A **Landslide** So Juan is doing a good job as the Mayor and person number 4 comes up to Juan and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't beat you're wife and kids. You don't kick your armadillo a cross the backyard. You should run for Senate." And Juan in typical Juan fashion goes, "hmm, I never of thought of it that way." So he runs for the Senate. And he wins in a **Landslide** A what? A **Landslide** So Juan is doing a good job in the Senate and person number 5 comes up to Juan and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't beat you're wife and kids. You don't kick your armadillo a cross the backyard. You should run for President." And Juan in typical Juan fashion goes, "hmm, I never of thought of it that way." So he runs for President. And he wins in a **Landslide** A what? A **Landslide** So Juan is doing a great job as the president and one day person number 6 comes up to him and says, "Juan, you're a great guy. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't beat you're wife and kids. You don't kick your armadillo a cross the backyard. You're making people like me who do those things look bad. If you don't stop I'm going to kill you." And Juan in Typical Juan fashion goes "hmm I never thought of it that way." So Juan starts drinking. He starts smoking. He starts beating his wife and kids. And he even starts kicking his armadillo across the backyard. Persons 1-5 come up to Juan and ask, "Juan you use to be such a great guy what happened? And Juan in typical Juan fashion goes "hmm I never thought of it that way." So he stops drinking, and he stops smoking. He stops beating his wife and kids. And thankfully he stops kicking his armadillo across the backyard. Then one day he walks home from work. And person number 6 comes up to him and shoots him with a Golf Gun.
Two genies in a deserted house.. A guy gets lost in a desert and stumbles upon a house smack bang in the middle of the desert. After ascertaining that it wasn't a mirage, he enters the house and sees three doors and a lamp at the entrance of the house. He rubs it and out pop two genies, who are very grateful and decide to grant the man three wishes. "Before you open each of these doors, wish for what you want most and then open the door." So he goes upto the first door, closes his eyes for a moment and then enters the room to find all kinds of riches. He follows the same process and enters the second room and is greeted by the most beautiful women in the world all eager to please him in every possible way. When he finally makes his third wish and enters the third room, a noose appears from the ceiling and within minutes, the man is dead. As the two genies leave the house and traverse the desert, one of them turns to the other and says sadly, "I just don't understand. He didn't look suicidal. What was his third wish?" To which the other genie replies, "Yeah I have no idea why he wished to be hung like a black man." Obligatory addition: *And then the other genie fainted.*
Needed: Eyelids A baby is born with no eyelids. The doctors need a solution, and fast. The best solution, and the one they arrive at, is to use his foreskin for his new eyelids. They successfully attach his foreskin as eyelids, with only one complication. Now hes a little cock-eyed.
Another, yet different, three doors in hell joke. So a man who who has just died was judged, and sent to hell. When he got there, the Devil stated that there were three doors, each leading to a different punishment, you were set free once someone else picked your door. Behind the first door was one of Satan's demons lashing a man with whips and chains. So the man said " I don't like this one." Behind the second door was a child doing very painful looking stretches that would never start to feel better. The man said, "It's better, but lets see the third door, and it is a poor little child." Behind the third door, it was dark, and rather warm. All the man saw was Bill Clinton and a women (who was very pretty) going at it. So the man thought to himself, "Wow, they call that punishment?!" Then stated to the Devil, "I choose the punishment behind room 3!" The devil replies, "Alright then, you there, behind door three, get your sh*t and get out, your free." A few moment's later, from behind door 3, walks out a beautiful women.
I believe we should all pay our taxes with a smile I tried, but they wanted cash
Gimme the worst you got. Messed up jokes thread. I wanna see how good (or bad) you guys are, so give it all you've got. Dead babies, holocaust, 9/11, third world countries, etc. Let's see what you've got, r/jokes!
Why couldn't the bike stand up on its own? It was two-tired. *Slaps knee* *Prosthetic leg falls off*
What did the Morman say when asked what kind of wives he wanted? "Brigham Young"
Arrived home last night to find a man trying to steal my front gate. I didn't abuse him though, I thought he may take a fence.
Mickey, Minnie &amp; Goofy Mickey Mouse is having a nasty divorce with Minnie Mouse. Mickey spoke to the judge about the separation. "I'm sorry Mickey, but I can't legally separate you two on the grounds that Minnie is mentally insane..." Mickey replied, "I didn't say she was mentally insane, I said that she's fucking Goofy! This was my grandmother's favorite joke.
If a furry says they're sorry... ...is it an anthropology?
What Bird? Which bird symbolizes love? Swallow.
Why don't the blind bungee jump? Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
Why do Jewish people have big noses Because air is free
Why does it take 100 mink to make a fur coat? Because they are lazy and have small hands!
Do you speak sign language? No, we sign it.
A guy walks into a bar and orders 15 shots... He proceeds to drink them in 15 minutes and then leave. He returns the next night and repeats the procedure, 15 shots in 15 minutes. This goes on for 3 solid months. It gets to the point that the bartender starts setting up the 15 drinks before the guy even arrives. One night, the guy walks in as the bartender is preparing his order and waves away the 15 shots. "What's the matter," asks the bartender, "You're one of the best drinkers I've ever seen" The man replies, "It's just that I got a little too drunk last night I went home and blew chunks." The bartender says, "So what, everyone gets sick now and again." The guy says, "You don't understand, Chunks is my dog."
After I had surgery on my back I started telling my friends this one. Me: So the doctor said that because of my back, I can't masturbate for a while. Friend: What!? Why? Me: I'm not allowed to lift anything more than 10 pounds.
Why are gay guys good helpers when moving? They know how to pack your shit.
A guy asked a girl in a library... "Do you mind if I sit beside you"? The girl answered with a loud voice; I DON'T WANT TO SPEND THE NIGHT WITH YOU!!! All the students in the library started staring at the guy and he was embarrassed. After a couple of minutes, the girl walked quietly to the guy's table and she told him "I study psychology and I know what a man is thinking, I guess you felt embarrassed right?" The guy responded with a loud voice: "$200 JUST FOR ONE NIGHT!? THAT'S TOO MUCH!!! And all the people in the library looked at the girl in shock and the guy whispered in her ears; "I study Law and I know how to make someone feel guilty"
SAN FRANCISCO MAN BECOMES FIRST AMERICAN TO GRASP SIGNIFICANCE OF SARCASM Chuck Fullmer, 38, yesterday became the first American to get to grips with the concept of sarcasm. "It was weird" Fullmer said. "I was in London and like, talking to this guy and it was raining and he pulled a face and said, "Great weather eh?" and I thought - "Wait a minute, no way is it great weather". Fullmer then realised that the other man's 'mistake' was in fact deliberate. Fullmer, who is 39 next month and married with two children, aged 8 and 3, plans to use sarcasm himself in future. "I'm, like, using it all the time" he said. "Last weekend I was grilling steaks and I burned them and I said "Hey, great weather."
One for him, two for her A guy finds a lamp, rubs it and out pops a genie. The genie says, "I'll give you three wishes, but whatever you wish for, your ex-wife will get double." First, he wishes for a billion dollars. Voila, a billion dollars appears. In a distant place, his ex-wife has 2 billion dollars materialize. Then, he wishes for ownership of a 100 square mile habitable island in the Caribbean. The deed appears in his hand. Simultaneously, his ex-wife is granted title to two islands. He stops to think about his final wish, and is pissed that his ex is benefitting from his luck since she made his life a living hell. "So, whatever I get, she gets double?" "Yep." "Scare me half to death."
Three retirees, each with a hearing loss, were playing golf one fine March day.... One remarked, "Windy, isn't it?" "No," the second man replied, "It's Thursday..." And the third man chimed in, "So am I. Let's have a beer."
So this cowboy wants to make peace with Indians The Chief says:"alright, but first I want to test if you are serious." He points to the three tents in front of them and says:"I want you to complete three tasks. (1)In the first tent there are 10 bottles of whiskey, I want you to drink them all. (2)Then go into the second tent where you can find a bear. I want you to give me his ear. (3)Then go into the last tent, where you will find one of my daughters. I want you to turn her into a woman by having sex with her." The cowboy agrees to the terms and goes into the first tent. He manages to drink the bottles and stumbles to the second tent..A lot of noise, growling of the bear and screams of the cowboy can be heard... The chief surely thinks he is now rid of the cowboy.. however, he manages to walk out of the second tent. On his way to the third one he can be heard saying:"alright, let's cut off this woman's ear."
A blonde is walking She notices a banana peel a few steps away. She sighs "oh no, I'm gonna fall again!".
Messi, Ronaldo and Zlatan died in a car crash and goes to heaven. The three walks up to God sitting on his throne. God says: "Messi, what is the best thing about football?" Messi bows and answers: "The best thing about football is that I have been able to spread joy to people, earn money for my living and seeing the world." God felt it was a good answer when he said: "Good Messi, come and sit at my left side." God then looked at Ronaldo and said: "And you Ronaldo, what is the best thing about football? Ronaldo responds a little timidly: "Lord, I come from poor backgrounds and have managed to show my fellow human beings that there is a way out of it all and that you do not have to be doomed to a life of misery. Meanwhile, I was able to spread joy to the people. " God replied: "Good answer Ronaldo, come and sit on my right side.". God then looked at Zlatan and said: "What do you think then Zlatan?" Zlatan looks up, clears his throat, spits on the ground and says: "You're sitting in my chair."
Why didn't the pirate get into the movie? It was rated rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Sound of children's laughter The sound of children laughing makes my heart feel happy. *Unless I'm in the middle of an abandoned hospital in the dead of night and my fucking flashlight isn't working properly.*
Confucius say Breasts without nipples would be pointless.
Morning Sex She was standing in the kitchen, preparing our usual soft-boiled eggs and toast for breakfast, wearing only The 'T' shirt that she normally slept in. As I walked in, almost awake, she turned to me and said softly, "You've got to make love to me this very moment!" My eyes lit up and I thought, "I am either still dreaming or this is going to be my lucky day!" Not wanting to lose the moment, I embraced her and then gave it my all; right there on the kitchen table. Afterwards she said, "Thanks," and returned to the stove, her T-shirt still around her neck. Happy, but a little puzzled, I asked, "What was that all about?" She explained, "The egg timer's broken."
The trophy girlfriend An older, white-haired man walked into a jewelry store one Friday evening with a beautiful young woman at his side. He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring. The old man said, "No, I'd like to see something more special." At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought out another ring. "Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000 the jeweler said. The young lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement. The old man, seeing this, said, "We'll take it." The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the old man said, "By check, but I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds. I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon." he said. Monday morning, the jeweler phoned the old man. "There's no money in that account." "I know," said the old man, "But let me tell you about my weekend!!"
What do you call a black man flying a plane? The pilot, you racist!
Golfers wife has a heart attack A husband and wife are on the 9th green when suddenly she collapses from a heart attack! "Help me dear," she groans to her husband. The husband calls 911 on his cell phone, talks for a few minutes, picks up his putter, and lines up his putt. His wife raises her head off the green and stares at him. "I'm dying here and you're putting?" "Don't worry dear," says the husband calmly, "they found a doctor on the second hole and he's coming to help you. "Well, how long will it take for him to get here?" she asks feebly. "No time at all," says her husband. "Everybody's already agreed to let him play through."
A young man and a priest playing golf. A young man and a priest are playing together. At a short par-3 the priest asks, "What are you going to use on this hole, my son?" The young man says, "An 8-iron, father. How about you?" The priest says, "I'm going to hit a soft seven and pray." The young man hits his 8-iron and puts the ball on the green. The priest tops his 7-iron and dribbles the ball out a few yards. The young man says, "I don't know about you, father, but in my church, when we pray, we keep our head down."
My favourite joke of all time. Once upon a time a boy went up to his mother and said: Mom, why am I named feather? The mom responded: "That's because when you were born a feather landed on your head". The next day the boys little sister said to their mother: "Mom, why am I named leaf?" The mom responded: "That's because when you were born a leaf landed on your head". The next day the youngest of the siblings went up to his mother and said: asdgsfdgdfskfjhfkahsdhjsfhsafjsadasddgsgsdfa? The mother responded: Please be quiet, refrigirator.
Police find a woman holding a bloody 5-iron standing over a lifeless man. Police are called to an apartment and find a woman holding a bloody 5-iron standing over a lifeless man. The detective asks, "Ma'am, is that your husband?" "Yes" says the woman. "Did you hit him with that golf club?" "Yes, yes, I did." The woman begins to sob, drops the club, and puts her hands on her face. "How many times did you hit him?" "I don't know --put me down for a five."
A golfer and heaven A golfer teed up his ball on the first tee, took a mighty swing and hit his ball into a clump of trees. He found his ball and saw an opening between 2 trees he thought he could hit through. Taking out his 3-wood, he took a mighty swing. The ball hit a tree, bounced back, hit him in the forehead and killed him. As he approached the gates of Heaven, St. Peter asked, "Are you a good golfer?" The man replied: "Got here in two, didn't I?
What do you call a cross dressed robot? Android-gynous
This is the psychiatry hotline, If you are Obsessive- Compulsive, press 1 repeatedly, If you are co- dependent, ask someone to press 2 for you, If you have multiple personalities, press 3, 4, 5 and 6, If you are paranoid, we know who you are and what you want, stay on the line so we can trace your call, If you are delusional, press 7 and your call will be transferred to the mother ship, If you are schizophrenic, listen carefully and a small voice will tell you which number to press, If you're depressive it doesn't matter which number you'll press no one will answer you, If you're dyslexic press 69696996966, If you have a nervous disorder, please fidget with the hash key until the beep after the beep, please wait for the beep, If you have short-term memory loss, please try your call again later and if you have low self-esteem, hang up, all operators are too busy to talk to you...
why did the blonde have a blue vagina? she didn't fully understand the label "finger paint".
A termite walks into a bar... and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
Who experiences more pain, men or women? One day, two couples were sitting on a porch drinking iced tea. While talking, the topic of which sex experiences the worse pain in their life, males or females? The females said it was obvious; women experience the worse pain through childbirth. The men respectfully disagreed by saying getting kicked in the balls hurt more. When asked to justify their argument, one of the men simply said "No male gets kicked in the nuts and turns to their wife in a year or two and says 'Honey, let's have another one.'"
What do you get when you hold a mothball in your left hand and a mothball in your right hand? A rather excited moth
There has been some controversy regarding priests delivering sermons using an iPad instead of the traditional bible. I think its perfectly fine. After all, Moses delivered the ten commandments using two tablets.
Does anyone smell that up dog?
My New Year's Resolution 1920 x 1080
Genie in a Bottle A man and his wife are playing a round of golf on a very expensive golf course surrounded by luxurious Mansions on both sides of the course. They arrive at hole on the edge of the course and the wife drives her ball down the fairway, the ball gets caught in wind and lands on the property of one of the mansions. The couple walk over to the house only to realize that it had gone through one of the windows into the home. they knock on the door several times, no response, the husband tries the handle and the door is unlocked. They walk in and notice that the living room to the right has broken glass on the floor, along with a the golf ball and a knocked over genie bottle. The husband starts calling out "Hello? my wife broke your window with her golf ball, we can pay for it." A man yells from the back the house and comes into the living room. " Oh hello! It's not a problem you broke my window, In fact I am actually very happy you did. You see, I am a genie and I have been in that genie bottle for hundreds of years. And when your ball broke the window it also knocked the bottle over releasing me. I shall now grant you a single wish as a token of my gratitude." The couple is surprised but happy to accept the offer and they talk amongst themselves of what they want to wish for. Husband says " we know what we would like to wish for. We would like a billion dollars" Genie says "Excellent! but I have one request before I grant your wish. I've been in that genie bottle for many many years and haven't felt the affection of a woman for a very long time. Could perhaps I have sex with your wife, just once in exchange for a lifetime of wealth? The wife looks at her husband and they talk about the idea and decide to give the genie his desires. The wife goes upstairs with the genie while the husband waits downstairs. Later on after the wife and genie have had sex they are laying in bed and the genie says to the wife "Thank you very much, you were wonderful." Wife says " well thank you, now may my husband and I have our wish?" Genie says "oh yea, the wish. Umm one more thing, your husband, how old is he? Wife says "well he is in his mid 30's, why do you ask?" Genie says "I just find it funny a man of his age still believes in Genies."
Whats the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted
Rick Astley will let you borrow any of his George Clooney movies... But he's never gonna give you Up In the Air.
Do you know how to make Notre Dame style eggs? You put them in a bowl way too big for it...and then beat repeatedly for 3 hours
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because the last one who had a dream got shot!
Why do most men like women with big boobs and tight pussies? Because most men have big mouths and small cocks.
Did you know there is a town in Pennsylvania with the same same as one of the Great Lakes? It's eerie.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket
Did you hear about the women who got wooden breast implants? A punchline would be funny here, Wooden Tit?
What do sex and air have in common? It's no big deal unless you aren't getting any. Heard on the radio.
This joke is relevant to our subreddit. Bill just moved into a nice suburb and began looking for a nice country club to join. At the first one he went to, he was getting a tour of the grounds when he noticed a group of people sitting around a room. One of them shouted, "twelve!" Everyone in the room started laughing. Another person piped up with "eight!" which brought about another round of laughter. When someone shouted "Twenty five!" the room erupted in guffaws; a number of participants fell on the floor laughing. Even the man giving Bill his tour fell apart at that one. Bill had to ask--"What was all that about? What were those guys doing?" The tour guide replied, "Well, we used to sit around telling jokes all day, but it got to the point where we all knew them all so well after hearing them again and again, that we just gave them numbers. Now we tell the jokes just by shouting out the numbers, and we can go much faster." Bill responded, "Well, I guess that makes sense. What was so funny about number 25?" "Oh, that! Well, we only know 24 jokes--there is no 25!"
2 Mexicans were walking through the desert... It'd been more than a week since either of them had eaten anything, and their last bottle of water had just gone dry. They'd been walking for hours on end. Suddenly on the horizon, one of the Mexican's spotted something. 'Look over there my friend, you see the green thing?' His friend replies 'The thing with pink stuff on it' Through the air a delicious salty, meaty aroma hit both their noses. They could see a large green, leafy shape in the distance, with pink slivers of what looked like greasy meat hanging from it. 'Yeah man, and you can smell it too!, amigo eetz a bacon tree!' 'AMIGO EETZ A BACON TREE! WE'RE SAVED!' The Mexican who had first spotted the bacon tree on the horizon suddenly ran, as fast as his legs could carry him towards the plant in in the distance. When all of a sudden... BANG! BANG! BANG! - Gunshots fired out, as if from nowhere The other Mexican, who had not had the energy to run looked on to his friend, who lay bleeding and dying from his wounds Barely able to mouth the words through lack of water the Mexican cried out to his dying friend. 'Amigo, what happened?' With his last breath the dying Mexican warned his partner... 'Amigo, eetz no bacon tree, eetz a Ham Bush!'
What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet? An elephant with diarrhea.
I want to open i pizza place called Original Pizza, so that way if anybody asks if we deliver... yes, OP delivers.
What's the difference between 6 inches and 12 inches? 6 inches makes you day but 12 inches can make your hole weak.
If you're an American in the living room what are you in the bathroom? European.
Why should you never let a panda into a chemistry lab? Because it will create pandamonium
office merger Mike's startup company wasn't doing that well. He had a great idea for a tech startup, he got funding from venture capitalists, hired programmers, accountants, marketing analysts, everything. But sadly Super Tech Enterprises was failing. For months his former roommate's company was offering to buy him out. With no other option in sight he calls up Matt and says "You win Matt, Thompson Analytics can buy us out, but you need to promise me some things. "Alright Mike, what are your terms" "I'm not going to ask for a lot, but you need to make sure that all of my employees are taken care of. I don't want to see a single employee of S.T.E. looking for work after the merger." "Alright, I can do that" So the terms were agreed apon. Mike received a small but livable buyout from his long term rival and went on his way. A month later he runs into Mary, his old bookkeeper and asks how the new company is doing. "I can't say, I got laid off immediately" Mike is outraged. "That asshole swore that he wouldn't lay anybody off." Mary just shrugged and said "I guess there's no accounting for T.A.S.T.E."
So I went to a zoo the other day... And all it had in it was one dog. It was a shitzu.
Punishing Criminals Two men are caught trying to hold up a bank. One of them admits to and apologises for his crime, the other doesn't. The town they're from has a new justice system based on physical punishment. The judge sentences the man who did not repent to be kicked in the balls for a day, and the other man punched in the face all day. Anyone in the town who wants to can line up to kick or punch one of the men. Late in the afternoon one man has been waiting in line to punch the criminal in the face, but when he gets to the front he sees that the man has already been severely beaten up, his face is bloody, he looks terrible, so he decides it would be kinder to kick the man in the balls, which he does. As soon as he's done it an official grabs him and shouts "Hey! You can't do that here! This is the punch line!"
A gentleman goes into a doctor's office... ...and says, "Doctor, Doctor, I keep forgetting things!" The doctor responds, "When did this start?" and the gentleman replies, "When did what start?"
Women's Darts The only time they'll see a 180 is when they're programming the oven.
Chicken Joke Why did the chicken cross the road? -To get to your house. Knock knock -Who's there? The chicken.
Construction workers There were three construction workers on break, a Mexican, redneck, and African American. The Mexican then says "If I get tacos one more time I'm going to kill myself!" The African American then says if I get chicken one more time I'm going to kill myself!" The redneck adds on and says that if he gets squirrel one more time He is going to kill himself too. The next day they all get the same lunches then kill themselves. At the funeral all wives are devastated except for one, the redneck's wife. The other wives then ask why and she says "The dumbass makes his own damn lunch!"
Two friends are talking... and the first guy notices his buddy is looking like he has something bugging him. He asks his friend, "Man, you look like you got something on your mind. What's up?" "I just had a rough night. I went to the bar, got falling-down drunk, and when I got home, I wrecked my car into the tree. What's even worse is when I went inside, I started blowing chunks." Man number two explains. The first friend says, "That's terrible about your car. How is that not the worst part?" The second man says, "Chunks is my dog."
Steven Spielberg dies and goes to heaven. He's greeted at the gates by Peter who informs him that God is a big fan of his work. He begins with a tour of the place and goes on to mention that if Steven needs anything to just say the word. "We'll, I'd love to meet Stanley Kubrick," Steven admits. "I'm sorry, but as you may know, Mr. Kubrick doesn't take meetings," Peter replies. They continue on their tour until Steven notices a man with a beard, wearing an Army jacket and riding around on a bicycle. Steven stops in his tracks and turns to Peter. "Hold on. That's Stanley Kubrick!" Spielberg shouts. "No," Peter says. "Its God. He thinks he's Stanley Kubrick."
So a skinhead walks into a Jewish bakery... A skinhead walking into a Jewish bakery and asks, "How much does the challah cost?"
They tried to make me go to rehab... They tried to make me go to rehab, and I said... 'I don't have insurance'. And that was the end of that.
Bartender says, "We don't serve time travelers." A time traveler walks into a bar...
How are your step mother and a 17 in the card game 21 similar? You know you can't but you really want to hit it.
There is a new drink at my bar. It's called a Sandy. It's basically a watered down Manhattan.
Quadriplegics I would offer to lend a quadriplegic a hand, but... what would he do with it? A quadriplegic said to a salesman, "I'd pay you for it, but it'd cost me more than I have." A quadriplegic parked himself in a bad neighborhood and they stole his wheelchair. Quadriplegic and you know it clap your... :( I asked a deaf quadriplegic for a dime and he ignored me. I asked a mute quadriplegic for directions and he just stared at me with those big sad eyes. I tripped over a quadriplegic in a bad neighborhood. Turns out somebody stole his wheelchair.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just Juan.
Broomhilda &amp; Django Broomhilda never knows when Django is in the mood cause the D is silent.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Make it hurt nsfw A woman told me to give her 12 inches and make it hurt so I fucked her twice and punched her in the face.
There were two men in a car going way over the speed limit... A cop caught up with them and pulled them over. He walked up to the driver side window and asked, "Do you know how fast you were going?" The driver decided to play dumb and replied, "Gee, I was too busy concentrating on the road to check." The cop, not in the mood for any attitude, slapped the driver hard across the head. He then moved around to the passenger side and gave the passenger a good hard slap across the head. "Hey. What was that for? I didn`t do anything," exclaimed the passenger. The cop replied,"I was just making your wish come true. You see, after you guys take off again, 500 metres down the road you would have said something like,"What an asshole. I wish he would have tried that with me" ".
A guy goes to his psychiatrist complaining about his sex life... Upon further discussion the psychiatrist suggests that the spark of excitement has gone out of his client's marriage. "Perhaps," he suggests, "the next time you are feeling amorous, you should just take your wife, sexually and with abandon, right there and then, no matter the circumstance." The man agrees that it seems a good idea. Two weeks later, he returns for his normal session with the psychiatrist. "How did things go?" asks the psychiatrist. "Absolutely amazing," says the man. "One night, as we sat down to dinner, I looked at my wife. She looked at me and we immediately made mad, passionate love right there on the table." "So, things are good?" asks the psychiatrist. "Couldn't be better," says the guy, "except we're can't eat at the Denny's next to our house anymore."
So there's this incest family... and the daughter wants to take the car out for the evening. She asks her father for permission and he says "Sure honey, but you have to suck my dick before you can take it." This being a normal custom she says "Okay" and starts the process. As she's doing the dirty deed she complains to her dad that his dick tastes like shit, to which her dad replies, "That's right, I forgot your brother has the car tonight."
A old Jewish man goes to the doctors... He says "Doctor I've got a huge problem." The doctor says "What is it?" He says "I keep getting these silent, smelly, gassy emissions I was with my wife and the Grossmans yesterday and it happened about 100 times during dinner and created a nauseous gas but it was silent so no one new who it was and then again on the bus this morning and even in your office now I must have had 20 of them, Do you have anyway to fix this problem doc?" The doctor looks up and says "Well first off I'm going to send you to specialist." The man interrupts him "What kind of specialist doc?" "A hearing specialist!"
Why did the snowman take his pants off? He heard the snow blower was coming.
How does a guy prove he's tough? He jogs home after his vasectomy. . Fairly old, vasectomies may not be so bad any longer.
Did you hear the one about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac? He stayed up all night wondering if there really was a dog
A man is driving his Ferrari on the highway... A man is driving his Ferrari on the highway speeding slightly above the limit when he sees cop lights flashing in his rear mirror. In a instant of madness, the man thinks "what the hell, I'll just outrun him". After a few moments of extreme speeding the man comes the his senses, realizes he is acting crazy and pulls over.  As he rolls down his window the cop tells him "I should arrest you on the spot for that but you know what, it's the end of my shift and I'm tired. So if you can come up with one excuse that I never heard for doing that, I'll let you off with a warning. The man thinks for a while and replies "Well you see, a few weeks ago my wife left me for a cop. I was afraid you were trying to give her back."
Did you hear about the dinner on the moon? Great food no atmosphere.
A policeman pulls over a car for speeding... He walks up to the drivers side window and taps on it lightly with his billy stick . The drivers rolls down the window and the policeman slaps the driver up side the head with his baton . " What was that for ?" asks the driver . " That's for not having your drivers license , and registration ready when I approached the vehicle " says the policeman . The policeman then strolls over to the passenger side an lightly taps on the window with the baton . The passenger rolls down the window and the policeman slaps him up the side of the head with his baton. " what was that for ?' asks the passenger . The policeman replies " that's for not having your hands on the dashboard , where I could see them ." The officer then opens up the passenger back side door and starts beating the man in the back seat with his baton several times . " Hey man " the guy in the back seat says " what was that for ?" The policeman says " that's for when y'all got four miles down the road and you would have said I wish he had of tried to hit me like that.
My friend said this in the middle of class. Best joke I have EVER heard. Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 knew what 6 and 9 were doing.
Boudreaux and the foreman Here is a nice corny oke im sure has been posted before A Cajun man wants a job, but the foreman won't hire him until he passes a little math test. Here is your first question, the foreman said. 'Without using numbers, represent the number 9.' 'Without numbers?' The Cajun says, 'Dat is easy.' And proceeds to draw three trees. 'What's this?' the boss asks 'Ave you got no br ain? Tree and tree and tree make nine,' says the Cajun. 'Fair enough,' says the boss. 'Here's your second question. Use the same rules, but this time the number is 99.' The Cajun stares into space for a while, then picks up the picture that he has just drawn and makes a smudge on each tree. ; 'Ere you go.' The boss scratches his head and says, 'How on earth do you get that to represent 99?' 'Each of da trees is dirty now. So, it's dirty tree, and dirty tree, and dirty tree. Dat is 99.' The boss is getting worried that he's going to actually have to hire this Cajun, so he says, 'All right, last question. Same rules again, but represent the number 100.' The Cajun stares into space some more, then he picks up the picture again and makes a little mark at the base of each tree and says, 'Ere you go. One hundred.' The boss looks at the attempt. 'You must be nuts if you think that represents a hundred!' The Cajun leans forward and points to the marks at the base of each tree and says, 'A little dog come along and poop by each tree. So now you got dirty tree and a turd, dirty tree and a turd, and dirty tree and a turd, which make one hundred.' He got hired on the spot!
Why doesn't the Mormon Church have a Tour De France team?
Not that funny, just trying to get it out of my head. An incredible flamboyant gay man goes to see his handsome doctor: "Doctor, Doctor, I have a little green thing sticking out of my behind!!" The doctor, busy as he is, simply states: "Here, take this hemorrhoid cream, apply it 3 times a day, and come back when it doesn't get better." A couple of days later the man returns and says to the doctor: "Doctor, Doctor I still have a green thing coming out of my behind!" The doctor, not taking him seriously, wavers him off, this time with some antibiotics. A week later the man once again enters his handsome doctor's office proclaiming: "Doctor, Doctor, I really think you should take a look at this green thing that is protruding from my behind!" The doctor sighed and says: "OK, let me see." The man drops his pants and bends over and the doctor takes a look. A little surprised, he actually sees a green thing sticking out of the man's anus. He puts on some doctor gloves and spreads the mans butt cheeks to try to determine what it could be. Even more surprised he notices that it appears to originate deeper down the rectum. He slowly pulls at it, which results in the man groaning a bit and the green thing moving out a few centimeters. Now curious the doctor pulls harder, the man now utters a clear moan and the green thing comes out a few more inches. Truly baffled the doctor moves even faster, causing the man to let out a clear sigh of relief and pulls out a red rose. The man turns around and says: "Thank you doctor, that is for you..."
Confucius say, man who fart in church. Sit in own pew.
Hitler dies and ascends to be judged at the pearly gates of Heaven. St. Peter steps out, the Book of Life under his arm, and sees Hitler standing there. "Hitler? What, are you kidding me?" exclaims Peter. "I know, I know" says Hitler, putting his hands up to calm the saint "but what you may not know is that in life I recognized the error of my ways and undermined the Nazi party by giving back everything we had stolen to finance the war. The only thing I couldn't find the owner of was a giant gold cross, and I'll give it to you if you let me into Heaven." Peter shuffles a little. "I dunno, I better go ask Jesus." So Peter steps back inside the Pearly Gates and, lo and behold, there's Jesus strolling by. "Hey Jesus!" Peter calls. "What's up, Pete?" answers the Savior. "Just c'mere for a minute, you gotta see this for yourself." So an intrigued Jesus steps out of the gates, and the first thing he sees is Hitler. "Hitler? What, are you kidding me?" exclaims Jesus. "I know, I know" says Hitler, putting his hands up to placate the Christ "but what you may not know is that I realized in my heart I had done wrong and I worked to destroy the Nazi party by bankrupting them. I gave back everything that had been stolen to finance the war, and he only thing I couldn't find the owner of was a giant gold cross. If you'll let me into Heaven, I'll give that giant gold cross to you." "Hmmmm, I dunno." says Jesus, stroking his beard. "I gotta go ask my dad." So Jesus steps back inside and runs up to the throne of Heaven. "Hey Dad!" "What's up Jesus?" "You're not gonna believe this, but outside at the gate, we got Hitler." "Hitler? What, are you kidding me?" exclaims Jehovah. "I know, I know, says Jesus, but what we didnt know is that in life he saw he had done wrong and worked to destroy the Nazi party by returning all the stuff they had stolen to fund it. The only thing he could'nt find the owner of was a giant gold cross, and get this, he says that if we let him into heaven, hell give that cross to me!" "Hmmmm, a giant gold cross huh?" says God, stroking his beard. "What do you want with that? You couldn't even carry a fucking wooden one!"
Why can't you trust a snowman? Because they're all a bunch of flakes
I got in trouble once for copying another kid's test I guess the teacher heard my Xerox machine
What's Helen Keller's favorite mouthwash? Jergen's lotion.
A couple of Oklahoma hunters are out in the woods when one of them falls to the ground. He doesn't seem to be breathing, his eyes are rolled back in his head. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911. He gasps to the operator, "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator, in a calm soothing voice says, "Just take it easy. I can help. First, lets make sure he's dead." ... There is a silence, then a shot is heard. The guy's voice comes back on the line. He says, "OK, now what?"
Two Assholes Bubba got drunk and died in a fire in his trailer caused by his cigarette. His body was so badly burned that the morgue needed someone to I.D. the body, so they called his two close friends, Jim-Bob and Billy-Joe to come and try to I.D. the body. Jim-Bob went in and the mortician pulled back the sheet, and Jim-Bob said, "Yep, he's got burnt up purdy bad. Roll 'im over." So, the mortician rolled him over, and Jim-Bob looked at his butt and said, "Nope, dat ain't Bubba." The mortician didn't say anything, but thought that was a little bit strange. Then, he brought in Billy-Joe to I.D. the body. Billy-Joe looked at him and said' "Yep, he's burnt up sumpin' real bad. Roll 'im over." The mortician rolled him over, and Billy-Joe looked down at his butt and said, "Nuh-uh, 'at ain't Bubba. The mortician said, "How can you tell?" Billy-Joe said, "Well, Bubba had two ass holes, ya know." "What? He had two a$$ holes? Impossible!" said the mortician. "Yep. Everyone in town knowed he had two ass holes, cause every time the three of us went to town, everyone would say, 'Here comes Bubba with them two ass holes.'
So this entrepreneur is setting up a bungee jumping tower in Mexico. And of course all the construction and publicity has garnered a crowd. Well the entrepreneur, seeing an opportunity to wow the crowd, volunteers to be the first person to jump. So he is strapped in and over the edge he goes, and the crowd goes wild. But when his crew goes to retrieve him after his jump, he is all beaten and bloodied. They ask if he hit the ground or something. He says "Well... we should probably shorten the rope a little more... also, what does 'pinata' mean?
Rick Astley is willing to let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, with one exception. He's never gonna give you Up.
Chest hair Two gay guys are a happy couple for a couple of years. After those years one of the two guys wants the other to grow some chest hair, because he thinks that's sexy. So the other guy went to the doctor to ask for something to make chest hair grow faster. The doctor gave him the advice to put some vaseline on his chest every night and the chest hair would pop up real soon. One night the other guy saw the guy rubbing vaseline on his chest. "What are you doing?" he said. "Well, the doctor said if I rubbed my chest with vaseline every day my chest hair would grow faster!" The other guy started laughing, "You really believe that?!" he said, "if that's true we would already had a ponytail growing out of our asses!"
My favorite criminal intent: Robin Hood camping.
Jewish kid asks his father for $50 ... His father replies: "Forty dollars?! What do you need thirty dollars for?!"
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing they are both stuck up bitches.
What do you call a fat kid with 3 teeth and a lazy eye? Names.
The FAA is reviewing the new Boeing Dreamliner... it might get thrown under the airbus.
A Jew wakes up with morning wood and runs right into a wall. What does he say? Ouch, my nose!
Waiter and the soup spoon A man is at a restaurant and gets soup before his entree. He notices right away that he doesn't have a spoon, so he asks the waiter for a spoon. The waiter promptly pulls one out of the pocket of his apron. The man says, "Wow, you carry a spoon around with you in your pocket? That's pretty smart." The waiter replies, "Yeah, I've worked here for a while so I've learned a lot of tricks to help make my day easier." The man starts eating his soup. When he sees the waiter again he asks him, "You said you have a lot of smart ideas about work. What else have you come up with working here?" The waiter says, "Well, before work, I tie a string around my penis so I can pull it out of my pants without touching it. Then I can pee at work and I don't have to wash my hands before I go back to work." The man says, "I like that idea....but how do you get it back into your pants?" The waiter says, "Well that's what I use my spoon for."
Have you ever heard a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Probably not. The P is silent.
What do nine out of ten people agree on? Gang rape.
A frustrated man who's being sued goes to the bar... He walks in, and amidst his frustration, he exclaims, "Lawyers are such assholes!" Another person shouts out, "Hey! I resent that statement!" The man responds, "Why? Are you a lawyer?" The guy says, "No! I'm an asshole!"
magic apples so a man is on a long road trip on his way to an important business meeting upstate. he's been driving for hours through desolate farmland as he starts to notice a growing hunger pang in the pit of his stomach. he continues driving in hopes of finding a rest stop or a diner where he can stop for a bite, but as he presses on, he finds only more farmland. as the hours pass and his hunger grows, the man notices a small roadside stand manned by a single farmer. he pulls over and asks the farmer if he's selling food, to which the farmer replies "yes sir, i'm selling apples." the man asks how much and the farmer replies "50$ an apple." the man replies "thats outrageous! you think you can take advantage of weary travelers like that just because you have the only food for miles? this is highway robbery!" the farmer had obviously heard these accusations before and calmly explains, "but sir, these are magic apples. if you bite into one side, they taste like creamy peanut butter, and if you bite into the other side, they taste like rich grape jelly." doubtful of the old farmer, the man says "you must be off your rocker." so the farmer offers "go ahead and try one, and if i'm wrong i'll refund your 50$" so the man hands the farmer a 50 dollar bill and the farmer gives him an apple and he takes a bite. to the mans bewilderment, one side tastes just like peanut butter, and the other like jelly. the man exclaims "this is incredible. thats the most delicious apple ive ever tasted! have you got anything else like this?" the farmer says "oh, sure. ive got these apples here for 100$ and they taste like mashed potatoes and pork gravy." the man is hesitant, but the farmer says "if im wrong, i'll refund your 100$" so the man hands him a 100$ bill and the farmer hands him an apple. the man takes a bite of each side and is surprised to find one side tasted like home cooked mashed potatoes, and the other like pork gravy. the man is blown away and asks the farmer if he has anything else like this. after a pause the farmer says "well, i do have one other type of apple, but these are gonna cost you 500$ an apple." the man replies "thats crazy, what could these apples possibly taste like to make them worth 500$?" the farmer simply replies "pussy. the apples taste like pussy." the man hands the farmer 500$ in disbelief and says, now this i gotta try." the farmer hands the man his apple, the man takes a large bite and instantly spits it out and vomits all over the side of the road. the man looks at the elderly farmer and exclaims "what the hell? this apple tastes like shit!" the farmer calmly replies, "turn it over."
What do you call a planned organised rebellion gone wrong? A "coup d'isaster".
How to catch an elephant Dig a hole big enough for an elephant. Fill it with loose ash and cover it with frozen peas as bait. Then when he comes up to take a pea, you kick him in the ash-hole.
So I took off her shirt. Then she said, "Take off my skirt." I took off her skirt. "Take off my shoes." I took off her shoes. "Now my hose, bra, and panties." I took them off. Then she looked at me and said, "I don't want to catch you wearing my things ever again."
Vow of Silence Chap decides to to join a monastery. As a novice he is only allowed to speak two words to the prior, once every 7 years. The first seven years go by and he whispers, "Cold floors..." The next seven years go by and he whispers, "Bad food..." Seven more years go by and he croaks, "I quit!" The prior raises his eyebrows and replies, "I'm not surprised. You've done nothing but complain since you joined."
Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans? They give them gas.
A police officer stops a car... and asks the driver to show him his driver's license and open the trunk. In the trunk the cop finds 10 penguins. Really irritated the cop says: "Bring them back to the zoo! This is cruelty!" The driver answers: "Sure. I'm actually on my way to the zoo." The next day the cop pulls the same car over and says that he wants to look in the trunk. So the driver opens the trunk and there are the 10 penguins with bathing caps. So the cop asks: "Why do they wear bathing caps and I told you to bring them to the zoo!" Driver: "Yesterday we were at the zoo and today we go to the swimming pool."
20 Tons of Canaries There was a man driving down the road behind an 18 wheeler; at every stoplight the trucker would get out of the cab, run back and bang on the trailer door. After seeing this at several intersections in a row the motorist followed him until he pulled into a parking lot. When they both had come to a stop the truck driver once again jumped out and started banging on the trailer door. The motorist went up to him and said, "I don't mean to be nosey but why do you keep banging on that door?" To which the trucker replied, "Sorry, can't talk now, I have 20 tons of canaries and a 10 ton limit, so I have to keep half of them flying at all times."
One soldier As a group of soldiers stood in formation at an Army Base, the Drill Sergeant said, "All right! All you idiots fall out." As the rest of the squad wandered away, one soldier remained at attention.The Drill Instructor walked over until he was eye-to-eye with him, and then raised a single eyebrow. The soldier smiled and said, "Sure was a lot of 'em, huh, sir?"
How many? How many elephants can you fit into a Matterbooboo? "What's a Matterbooboo?" Nothing Yogi.
The dead construction worker A bunch of construction workers are wording on a building site, when one of them falls from the top floor and dies on the spot. The other workers draw straws to find out who has to tell his wife. Jack loses and heads off. One hour later, he returns with a big smile and a case of beer. The other workers are surprised: I thought you would tell Bobs wife that he had died? Jack: I did! Other guy: so where did you get the beer? Jack: well, I went to his house, rang the doorbell, and when his wife answered, I asked: are you the widow Jones? To which she said: well, yes and no, i'm called Jones, but i'm not a widow. Them I said: No? I bet you a case of beer you are!
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man
Question Does having salt and pepper peubs make my dick look more distinguished?
I heard the Sandy Hook kids wanted books But instead they got magazines.
People assume I have a small penis because I have a Ferrari. It's actually the other way round.
Then did you jump? A young soldier finally got his first jump in at Airborne school. The young man proudly calls home from Ft Benning to tell his dad all about it. "hey dad, I finally got my first jump!" "awesome, tell me all about it" said the enthusiastic father. "well pop, first they load all of you into a C130 and you take off in a very fast and violent climb" "sounds scary. So then did you jump?" "No dad, not yet. After that ascent the jumpmaster yells 10 minutes!" "and then you jumped?" "not yet dad. After that we all stood up and hooked up our chutes" "did you jump then?" "not yet dad. After that the jumpmaster yells 30 seconds and that's when you stand in the door" "then you jumped?!" "no dad, after that the jumpmaster yells green light go!" "and then you jumped!" "nope, not yet. I froze in the door. The jumpmaster looks at me and says, 'if you don't jump out that door I'm going to shove this baseball bat up your ass!' "then you jumped?!" "well, a little at first."
How do you make a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the oven at ~~three fifty~~ tree fiddy until it's Bill Withers. Edit:summoning happened.
what"s the difference between tuna and chicken? a shower
three construction workers there are three construction workers, an italian, an irishman, and a pollock, all working for the same contractor. the contractor takes a big job downtown building a skyscraper. the job takes years to complete, and over time, the three workers become close friends and make a habit of eating lunch together on the edge of the highest floor completed thus far. every day they have lunch, the italians wife packs him a meatball sandwich, the irishmans wife packs him potatoes, and the pollocks wife packs him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. this routine continues for years as the building gets higher and higher until the second to last day the three workers sit down on the edge of the top floor for lunch. the italian looks at his meatball sandwich and says to his friends, "my wife has been packing me the same damn meatball sandwich day in, day out, for years now, and i'm sick of it. if i have to eat a meatball sandwich one more time, i'm just going to end it. i'm gonna throw myself off the top of this building." the irishman looks at his potato and says "you know, you're right. my wife has been packing me potatoes day in, day out, for years now, and i'm sick of it. if i have to eat potatoes one more time, i'm just going to end it. i'm gonna throw myself off the top of this building." the pollock looks at his peanut butter and jelly sandwich and says, "you fellas are right. ive been eating the same damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich day in, day out, for years now, and i'm sick of it. if i have to eat a peanut butter and jelly sandwich one more time, i'm just going to end it. i'm gonna throw myself off the top of this building." the next day the three workers put the finishing touches on the building and sit down on the edge of the roof for their final lunch. the italian opens his lunch box and finds a meatball sandwich. he says "thats it. i cant take it anymore, i'm gonna jump." he then throws himself off the building and falls to his death. the irishman opens his lunch box and finds a a potato. he says "thats it. i cant take it anymore, i'm gonna jump." he then throws himself off the building and falls to his death. finally the pollock opens his lunch box and finds a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and says "thats it. i cant take it anymore, i'm gonna jump." he then throws himself off the building and falls to his death. a few days later, the three workers wives, who have become close friends through their husbands, are standing in the parking lot after the funeral service trying to make sense of that happened. the italians wife says "i dont understand it, if he had just said something i would have packed him something else. i just thought he liked meatball sandwiches." the irishmans wife says "i dont understand it either, if he had just said something i would have packed him something else. i just thought he liked potatoes." finally the pollocks wife says "i dont know what the fuck his problem was. he packed his own damn lunch."
A pirate walks into a bar... ...with a steering wheel attached to the front of his trousers. A man walks up to him and asks, "What's the deal with that wheel?" The pirate replies, "Arrr, it's drivin' me nuts."
A lawyer undergoes heart surgury, and is in bed in the recovery area As he wakes up, he notices the room is dark, and a doctor is standing there. He asks the doctor, "Why did you close all the window shades?" The doctor says, "There was a large fire across the street, and we didn't want you to think you didn't survive the operation."
So, a man goes on a business trip.. To Japan, he gets there during the night and is pretty nervous about the business meeting so he decides to order up a prostitute, a fine lady walks into his room and they make love for hours, the entire time she is going wild, taking it from behind and screaming "Machigatta ana" after he finishes he's feeling pretty relaxed so he goes to bed. The following day he meets up with his business clients and they tell him they are taking him to one of Japan's best golf courses. The man is excited as he loves golf and off they go, all is going well and on the 7th hole, a par three, one of the Japanese men gets a hole in one! All the men are ecstatic, jumping up and down when the businessmen gets an idea, he will impress the Japanese men by using the phrase the prostitute used the night before, it must have been something good right?! So he loudly proclaims "Machigatta ana!" And both the Japanese men look back at him puzzled and say "huh? No, That's the right hole.."
After taking a massive dump, a cockroach in toilet bowl startled me so badly I forgot to flush. I was scared shitless...
A farmer sends his young son to his new neighbor's farm to borrow some oil. The farmboy sees the new neighbor has a daughter his age. Their eyes meet, and he is immediately in love. He goes up and asks her to borrow a can of oil, and she says, "Sure - follow me," and she walks toward the barn, swaying her hips more than normal. When they turn the corner, they see a bull screwing one of the cows. The farmboy steps close to the girl, looks her in the eye, and says softly, "I'd really like to do that, too." The girl smiles, giggles a little, and responds, "Sure. I'll grab you a stepstool so you can reach."
Bob was a cheerio. Once upon a time there was a Cheerio named Bob. He was just a regular cheerio, with acne and very few friends and no girlfriends. Regular Cheerios didn't get invited to any parties, and he wanted to go to parties. He wanted to be a Frosted Cheerio, which meant he had less acne and a not so great girlfriend. He works really hard for one year, and he got to be a Frosted Cheerio, but he still didn't get to go to any parties. So he worked really hard for 2 years, and he became the ultimate: The Honey Nut Cheerio. Honey Nut Cheerios had lots of friends, no acne, and lots of pretty girlfriends. PLUS, they got to go to the exclusive Honey Nut Cheerio party, which was what the little cheerio had wanted all along. So he got to go to the party. At the party, he got thirsty, so he went to stand in the milk line, since all cheerios like milk. He waited in the milk line for half an hour before even moving one space. So he went to the H20 line, since water is life, afterall, and it was even longer. So he went to the Sprite line, which was even longer. So he decided to go get some punch, but then he discovered that there was no punch line.
After the Seahawks game, a reporter went to interview a banged-up player, who had two black eyes. The reporter said, "You look terrible - what happened to you?" The player said, "I pulled a groin." The reporter asks, "You have two black eyes - how did that happen if you pulled a groin?" The guy responds, "Not mine - someone else's."
Chinese Torture 1: Large rock on chest A young man was lost wandering in a forest, when he came upon a small house. He knocked on the door and was greeted by an ancient Chinese man with a long, grey beard. "I'm lost," said the man. "Can you put me up for the night?" "Certainly," the Chinese man said, "but on one condition. If you so much as lay a finger on my daughter, I will inflict upon you the three worst Chinese tortures known to man." "Ok," said the man, thinking that the daughter must be pretty old as well, and entered the house. Before dinner, the daughter came down the stairs. She was young, beautiful, and had a fantastic figure. She was obviously attracted to the young man since she couldn't keep her eyes off him during the meal. Remembering the old man's warning, he ignored her and went up to bed alone. But during he night, he could bear it no longer, and sneaked into her room for a night of passion. He was careful to keep everything quiet so the old man wouldn't hear. Near dawn he crept back to his room, exhausted, but happy. He woke to feel a pressure on his chest. Opening his eyes he saw a large rock on his chest with a note on it that read, "Chinese Torture 1: Large rock on chest." "Well, that's pretty crappy," he thought. "If that's the best the old man can do then I don't have much to worry about." He picked the boulder up, walked over to the window and threw the boulder out. As he did so he noticed another note on it that read: "Chinese Torture 2: Rock tied to left testicle." In a panic he glanced down and saw the rope that was already getting close to the end. Figuring that a few broken bones was better than castration, he jumped out of the window after the boulder. As he plummeted downward he saw a large sign on the ground that read, "Chinese Torture 3: Right testicle tied to bedpost."
A lady who lives on the 30th floor of a highrise is shaking her rugs out on the balcony. A wind gust catches the rug and pulls her over the side. She starts to say a prayer as she plummets to certain death, when all of a sudden a guy on the 25th floor sees her and catches her. She is amazed and about to profusely thank the guy, when he says, "Do you suck?" She is stunned and says, "What???" He repeats, "Do you suck?" She realizes he expects a blowjob for catching her and says, "No!" The guy drops her. She falls another 5 floors and another guy catches her. He asks, "Do you fuck?" Again she says no, and he drops her. She then falls all the way to the 10th floor, and is caught by a third guy. Realizing she is going to die - she yells at the guy, "I suck! I fuck!" The guy looks at her, says, "Whore!" and drops her.
Why are pedophiles so annoying? they're just fucking immature assholes
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first chemist says "I'd like a glass of H2O." So the bartender gives him water. The second chemist says "I'd like a glass of H2O too." So the bartender also gives him water, because he knows what he meant and had no conceivable reason to be carrying hydrogen peroxide, much less to be giving it as a drink.
Is it just my nipples or is it cold outside. They're hard as rock. EDIT: They're
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 plowed 6 in the ass
What do you call it when a guy pees into a bowl after sex? Split pee soup.
Donkey and a rooster So let's say I have a rooster and you have a donkey. If your donkey eats the feet off of my rooster what will you have? Two feet of my cock in your ass.
Dubstep There's this mortician and his assistant and the assistant felt like he needed to prove to the doctor that he knew what he was doing without the doc's help. So he begins working on the fresh corpse that's lying in front of him. He starts plugging in all these hoses into the body. Starts with the nose, ears and finally the ass-hole. Right as he plugs the hose into the ass-hole, the body makes this WEEEEERRRRRRRMPPPP sound. He scratches his head and decides to just start over. Again he plugs in all these hoses and yet again he hears another strange sound. WEEEEEEEEE RRRRRRRRRVVVVMMMPPP WOMMM. The sound was so intense that he figured the mortician needed to hear this. The doctor asks him to plug in all the hoses again. Nose, ears and the ass-hole. The body again makes this loud awful sound - WOOOOOOMPPPPP WOOOOOOOOEEEEEEEE RRRRRRRRRRRMMPPPPPPPFFFFF. The doctor looks at his assistant and says, "Any ass-hole can make dubstep." (sorry about my shitty grammar)
My Existence I've been thinking all this time as to my existence. Was there really a point to what I was doing? Multiple times people have told me statements and statements and I just didn't get it. I was hopeless just reaching for the same goals and achieving just the same result. The same result of failure. No matter how and how many times I tried, it just wasn't successful. I didn't get anywhere in life, just trying the same thing for years. I just wanted that delicious goal of if I did succeed. Just that taste of delicious victory.... I just wanted it. And that's when I realized it. I'm a silly rabbit. Trix are for kids.
How many Im not saying she's a slut But jokes are there? Im not saying she a slut but: She's been boarded more times than Amtrak
Dad can I? A young man went up to his father and asks "Can I have twenty bucks for a blow job?" His father says "I don't know. Are you any good?"
President Obama is walking through the White House... ...when he passes former President Clinton. "Bill!" says Obama, "what's going on? How is Hillary's head?" "Well,' says Bill, "She's no Monica."
First job A teenager walks proudly home one afternoon to tell his farther dime good news. Teen: Hey dad, guys what, today i got my first job! Father: Congratulations son, I'm very proud of you. How much does it pay? Teen: (confused) well, so far I'm out 20 bucks. But if she starts paying me, I may have found a career!
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car outside of an abortion clinic? Going inside to ask for a coat hanger.
What's yellow and black that makes you laugh? A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.
Computer joke of the day! &gt;Tech Support: "I need you to right-click on the Open Desktop." Customer: "Ok." Tech Support: "Did you get a pop-up menu?"Customer: "No." Tech Support: "Ok. Right click again. Do you see a pop-up menu?" Customer: "No." Tech Support: "Ok, sir. Can you tell me what you have done up until this point?" Customer: "Sure, you told me to write 'click' and I wrote click'."
My ex... My ex was like a rock pool. Shallow, but interesting. And upon closer inspection I found crabs.
Alzheimer's is a bitch. A young man called his father to see if he had gotten any information about his memory problem. "Hey Dad, did you call the Alzheimer's hotline earlier?" "Yeah, but after a few minutes I got disconnected, so I couldn't get the information." "Why didn't you just hit redial?" "I don't recall."
(A Polish joke told to me by my Polish mother) - A Caucasian man walks into a coffee shop and a woman politely says, "How may I help you?" The man replies, "Ill take my coffee like I like my women...light and sweet"... A black man orders next. He says, "Ill take my coffee like I like my women, dark and sweet." A Polish man then walks up to the counter to order. Before he says a word, the woman working the counter politely says, "I'm sorry sir, but we don't have any fat and ugly coffee here."
Soda joke Why was the CEO of Pepsi fired? They caught him with an ounce of coke in his system.
A NSFW joke I was told at work. There a 3rd grade teacher and she is having her students make noises that farm animals do. She asks a white girl, "What sound does a cow make?" The girls responds, "Mooo." The teacher says, "Wonderful that is exactly right." The teacher then asks a Black kid, " What sound does a pig make?" He says, " Freeze Mother Fucker!"
An old man and his wife stop at a gas station... it's an old-time type gas station where an attendant comes out and pumps the gas for you. While the gas tank is being filled, the young attendant tries to make some conversation. He sees that the car has Texas plates and asks the old man, "I see you're from Texas. What part?" Before the old man can answer, his wife leans over from hr side of the car and squawks, "Heyyyy? What'd he say?" The old man, about to answer the attendant, instead, says to her, "He wants to know where we're from." The old lady, satisfied, sits back into her seat. Then, the old man says, "Houston, " to the attendant. The attendant nods, "And where are you headed?" asks the attendant. Again, before the old man can answer, the old lady leans over and says, "Heyyyy? What'd he say?" The old man, a little more frustrated this time, tells her that the young man wants to know where they are going. "Oh," she says and sits back down. The old man then turns to the attendant and responds "We're going to Ft. Myers... in Florida... to live... near her sisters." The attendant looks shocked, "That's some coincidence. I'm from Houston and my wife was from Florida. She made ME move to Ft. Myers to be near HER family."
Two cows are out grazing in a pasture. One turns to the other and says, "Have you heard about this mad cow disease that's going around? Its pretty scary stuff." The other cow nods and chews its cud thoughtfully. "I suppose it is pretty scary, but it doesn't affect us ducks."
I'm going on a date with a chemical engineer this week, what are some good chemisty/engineering jokes? Best engineering joke I've heard: A man is walking in a field when he notices a guy adrift in a hot air balloon with no fuel. Balloon guy shouts down "A little help here?" The man on the ground looks up and shouts "You are in a hot air balloon with no fuel, you're about 20 feet off the ground, travelling north at roughly walking pace." The guy in the balloon shouts "Are you an engineer?" "Yes, how did you know?" "Well, everything you told me is factually accurate but it doesn't do me any good." The engineer on the ground considers this and then shouts back "Are you in management?" "Yes, how did you know?" "You were in this predicament before I got here, I haven't done anything, and now it's my fault."
Have I told ya my pizza joke? Augh nvm, its probably too cheesy
What Do you call 20 Millionaires watching the Superbowl? The Dallas Cowboys
A blonde was attempting to swim across the English channel. But she got tired halfway, and swam back.
Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office I will find you. You have my word.
Superman graffitis a wall: "Batman is a moron" Batman writes under that, "Superman is Clark Kent".
What do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common? Neither can finish a race.
A funny joke indeed A new pastor was visiting the homes of his parishioners. At one house it seemed obvious that someone was at home, but no answer came to his repeated knocks at the door. Therefore, he took out a card and wrote "Revelation 3:20" on the back of it and stuck it in the door. When the offering was processed the following Sunday, he found that his card had been returned. Added to it was this cryptic message, Genesis 3:10." Reaching for his Bible to check out the citation, he broke up in gales of laughter. Revelation 3:20 begins "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." Genesis 3:10 reads, "I heard your voice in the garden and I was afraid, for I was naked."
Scientists say, six out of seven dwarves are not happy. -- As seen on QI.
Only in America.... When NASA first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ball-point pens would not work in zero gravity. To combat this problem, NASA scientists spent a decade and $12 billion developing a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to over 300 C. The Russians use a pencil.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Dying Wish A man woke up in a hospital bed and called for his doctor. He asked "Give it to me straight, doc. How long have I got?" The physician replied that he doubted that his patient would survive the night. The man then said "Call for my lawyer." When his lawyer arrived, the man asked for his physician to stand on one side of the bed, while the lawyer stood on the other. The man then laid back and closed his eyes. When the man remained silent for several minutes, the lawyer asked the man what he had in mind. The man replied "Jesus died with a thief on either side, and I thought I'd check out the same way."
What's a Scientologist's favourite piece of furniture in Rivendell? Elrond's cupboard.
How do you win a small fortune in Las Vegas? By spending a large fortune.
(My favorite joke)Who is best at apprehending criminals? The CIA, the FBI, and the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are all trying to prove that they are the best at apprehending criminals. The President decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest and each of them has to catch it. The CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations, they conclude that rabbits do not exist. The FBI goes in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit and they make no apologies. The rabbit had it coming. The LAPD goes in. They come out two hours later dragging a badly beaten bear. The bear is screaming, "Okay, okay! I'm a RABBIT!! I'm a RABBIT!!"
So this guy finishes reading a self-empowering book.. And then goes to his wife to put the knowledge to the test. so he tells her :"Wife, tomorrow morning i expect breakfast in bed, followed by some good love-making and then a warm bath...and after all this, who do you think also gets to do my hair and dress me ?" the wife looks at him, smiles, and says :"The guys at the funeral home, honey"
What do you call ten sets of bagpipes at the bottom of the sea? A start.
So the square root of -1 is performing in a Broadway show Suddenly, an audience member stands up and shouts "I'm sure everyone will agree that i could replace you!"
How do you kill a whole Circus at once? Aim for the Juggler...
How do make a woman blind? Stick a car windshield in front of her face.
What does Batman put in his drinks? Just ice.
Wrong email A Minnesota couple decided to vacation to Florida during the winter. They planned to stay at the very same hotel where they spent their honeymoon 20 years earlier. Because of hectic schedules, it was difficult to coordinate their travel schedules. So, the husband left Minnesota and flew to Florida on Thursday. His wife would fly down the following day. The husband checked into the hotel. There was a computer in his room, so he decided to send an e-mail to his wife. However, he accidentally left out one letter in her e-mail address, and without realizing his error, he sent the e-mail. Meanwhile.....somewhere in Houston, a widow had just returned home from her husband's funeral. He was a minister of many years who was called home to glory following a sudden heart attack. The widow decided to check her e-mail, expecting messages from relatives and friends. After reading the first message, she fainted. The widow's son rushed into the room, found his mother on the floor, and saw the computer screen which read: To: My Loving Wife Subject: I've Arrived Date: 16 May 2003 I know you're surprised to hear from me. They have computers here now and you are allowed to send e-mails to your loved ones. I've just arrived and have been checked in. I see that everything has been prepared for your arrival tomorrow. Looking forward to seeing you then! Hope your journey is not as uneventful as mine was. P.S. Sure is hot down here
What did the Triceratops sit on? Its Tricerabottom.
Telling the bad news 3 men are working on the roof of a skyscraper, when they decide that it would be cool to sit on the edge and enjoy the view for a while. But things take a turn for the worst when one of them trips and plummets to his death. After a while the 2 remaining workers decide that one of them has to tell the man's wife the bad news. "I really don't know how to break this to her" the first worker said. "OK, I'll do it then!" says the second worker and he promptly leaves. After little more than an hour he returns smiling and carrying a case of beer. "What are you doing!? You were supposed to go and tell that poor woman her husband died!" yells the first worker "And I did" says the second worker while opening a beer. "I rang the doorbell and when she opened I asked to speak to the widow Robertson." She replied that she was mrs. Robertson but not a widow. So I replied: "Want to wager a case of beer on that?"
What's the difference between your child and your husband? At least you can leave your child alone with the babysit
Three Russians walk into a bar Just kidding. They never left.
A guy goes to visit his grandma... A guy goes to visit his grandmother and he brings a friend with him. While he's talking to his grandmother, his friend notices some peanuts on the table and starts eating them. As they're leaving, his friend says to his grandmother, "Thanks for the peanuts, sorry I ate them all". She says, "No problem, since I lost my dentures I can only suck the chocolate off 'em." TL;DR Old lady Jar full of peanuts "Feel free to eat them all, I just like to suck the chocolate off of them".
Spanish meatballs A tourist is in Spain, and goes to a fancy restaurant for dinner. As he looks around, he notices a diner being served a beautifully garnished dish with two gigantic meatballs in the middle. When the waiter asks him for his order, the man asks him about the meatball dish. The waiter explains that the meatballs are bulls testicles, and when the bull loses the bullfight, the bull is brought to the restaurant, and this beautiful dish is made. The diner tells the waiter that he wants the bull's testicles for dinner, but the waiter tells him that only one bull a day is brought to the restaurant, but he can have it tommorrow. The diner agrees. The next day the diner goes to the restaurant, and orders the testicle dish. When his food is brought out, he notices that the meatballs are extremely small. He mentions this to the waiter, and the waiter replies, 'Well sir you have to understand, sometimes the bull wins'
Pamela Anderson What do you call the space between Pamela Anderson's breasts? Answer: Silicon Valley. Just heard this one today and wanted to share. Don't know if this is gonna be a repost.
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson were walking past an American primary school... And Sherlock Holmes points and says "Elementary, my dear Watson" Watson, realizing how obvious this is, replies "No shit, Sherlock"
Why did the banker dump his girlfriend? He lost interest.
Three soldiers are in a plane. A gruff veteran who has seen many wars, a young but effective field officer, and a new recruit. The plane crashes on a island of cannibals the cannibals says they will skin them eat them then use their skins for canoes. Although because they respect military men they allow them to pick how they die. The first man the field officer ask for a spear which he uses to impale himself as he find this honorable he is then skinned eaten and used to make canoe. The new recruit is next he wants it to end so he ask for a gun and shots himself in the head they proceed to skin,eat, and use skin for canoe. The last soldier the veteran ask for a fork the cannibals a bit confused but grant his request. The veteran then screams FUCK YOUR CANOE! and stabs himself in the chest repeatedly with the fork.
The Deliveryman and The Kid A Deliveryman has to drop off his last package of the day at this mansion. He walks up to the door, rings the bell and a ten year old boy answers the door. The boy is wearing a hot pink teddy, has a lit cigar in one hand and glass of scotch in the other. The deliveryman understandably shocked says: "Whoa, whoa there big guy are your folks home?". The boy looks at him and says: "Fuck do you think?"
I bought a winter jacket at Urban Outfitters last August I got a really good deal because I bought it before it was cool.
3 Construction Workers There are 3 construction workers who are working on a very tall building. As lunch starts, they sit down on the top floor and prepare to eat their lunch. The first guy opens his lunch box and says, "Ah man! Spaghetti again!?!? If I get spaghetti one more time, I'm gonna jump off this building." The second guy opens his lunch box and says, "Ah man! Hot dogs again!?!? If I get hot dogs one more time, I'm gonna jump off this building." The third guy opens his lunch box and says, "Ah man! Peanut butter and jelly sandwich again!?!? If I get a PB&amp;J sandwich one more time, I'm gonna jump off this building." The next day, lunch begins and they each prepare to eat their lunch at the top of the building. The first guy opens his lunch box, sees spaghetti, and jumps off the building. The second guy opens his lunch box, sees hot dogs, and jumps off the building. The third guy opens his lunch box, sees a PB&amp;J sandwich, and jumps off the building. A couple weeks pass, and the 3 construction workers' funeral is being held. Each of their wives are there and they are crying. The first construction worker's wife said, "If I had known he didn't want spaghetti, I wouldn't have made it for him" and continues to cry. The second construction worker's wife said, "If I had known he didn't want hot dogs, I wouldn't have made it for him" and continues to cry. The third construction worker's wife just sits there quietly. They first two wives look at her and she says, "Don't look at me, he makes his own lunch."
A wealthy hospital benefactor was being shown around the hospital. During her tour she passed a room where a male patient was masturbating furiously. "Oh my GOD!" screamed the woman. "That's disgraceful! Why is he doing that?" The doctor who was leading the tour calmly explained, "I'm very sorry that you were exposed to that, but this man has a serious condition where his testicles rapidly fill with semen, and if he doesn't do that at least five times a day, he'll be in extreme pain and his testicles could easily rupture." "Oh, well in that case, I guess it's okay," said the woman. As they passed by the very next room, they saw a male patient laying in bed while a nurse performed oral sex on him. Again, the woman screamed, "Oh my GOD! How can THAT be justified?" Again the doctor spoke very calmly: "Same illness, better health plan."
A couple was getting out of the shower... The girl starts to dry herself off. The boy then starts to dry himself off, but then he starts to blowdry his dick. The girl looks over slightly confused and asks "Haha what are you doing?" The boy looks over, and in a serious response replies "Warming up your dinner."
What did the gang-banger say when two houses fell on him? Get off me, homes.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheeeeeettttt!
I plan to swim all the way to Paris my friends think I'm In-Seine.
Isn't it ironic that the favorite drink of Britain's homeless is called "Tennents"?
what did the doctor say to the midget? you'll just have to be a little patient
Marines' Early Morning Drill A drill instructor had just been assigned a bunch of new recruits that he had to help train and introduce into the Marine Corps. On the first morning after moving into the barracks, the DI woke everyone up at 0430, and ordered them to take a cold shower to break them in. Then, after 8 minutes, he ordered them to run outside and line up in the 30 degree weather. Naked. The DI starts walking around, and comes up to a random marine who is incredibly built. He takes his jockey whip and smacks the marine on the chest. "Did that hurt, private?!" yells the DS. "No drill instructor!" "And why is that private?" "Because I am a marine, drill instructor!" The DI smiles and continues to inspect the men. He comes across one who is on the larger side, but still reasonably good shape. He takes his jockey whip and proceeds to whack the private's rear end. "Did that hurt, private?!" yells the DI. "No drill instructor!" "And why is that private?" "Because I am a marine, drill instructor!" The DI smiles sadistically once again, and continues his inspection. He comes across a marine who is incredibly well endowed, and not only that, he's sporting a full erection. Deciding to have a bit of fun, the DI proceeds to thwack the private's penis three times, before smacking his testicles as well. The other men are wincing in pain, but the private continues to stand there unfazed. "Did that hurt, private?!" yells the DI. "No drill instructor!" "And why is that private?" "Because it belongs to the man standing behind me, drill instructor!" Edit: Sergeant to Instructor. Thanks for clarifying.
What happens when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic? You get half way
How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl? Broom and a Dustpan.
God was just about finished creating Adam and Eve... ...and told them "Okay guys, I've got two attributes left to give you--one for each of you. I'm going to let you choose which you each want. The first is, you get to pee standing up." Adam jumps on that one right away. God says, "are you sure? You haven't heard the second one yet!" to which Adam replies, "no, this is fantastic! It's so convenient!" He's already standing around pissing on everything in sight when God says "Okay, Eve, I guess you get the multiple orgasms!"
Yo Mum Jokes! (The British "Yo Mama") http://www.peachdogjones.com/2013/01/14/21-yo-mum-jokes-british-humor
Mommywas out, and Daddy was in charge Someone had given their 2 1/2 year old daughter a little 'tea set' as a gift, and it was one of her favorite toys. Daddy was in the living room engrossed in the evening news when she brought him a little cup of 'tea', which was just water. After several cups of tea and lots of praise for such yummy tea, Mommy came home. Daddy made her wait in the living room to watch her bring him a cup of tea, because it was 'just the cutest thing!' Mom waited, and sure enough, here she came down the hall with a cup of tea for Daddy; and she watched him drink it up. Then she said, (as only a mother would know), "'Did it ever occur to you that the only place she can reach to get water is the toilet?"
(accidentally invented when heard words out of context) What kind of food did Hitler eat? Notseafood
Wanna hear a joke? Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the gay's man house knock knock you: who's there? the chicken.
Walk The Line A cop is doing standard patrol when he notices a car swerving all over the road. He quickly turns on his siren and pulls the guy over. "Alright," says the cop, when the man gets out of the car. "Walk in a straight line." "I'd be happy to," says the drunk "just stop moving the stupid line."
The Chinese Dentist One day a man is sitting at home and feels like he needs to fart, but as he does so, he hears "honda" come out instead. He is completely taken aback and thinks he must have imagined it. But later, as he farts again, it sounds like "honda". The man decides to go see a doctor after this happens a few more times. The doctor, upon witnessing the strange event nods his head knowingly. "Well," he says,"I can't help you out, but I know someone who can." He writes down an address and send the man off. The man goes to the address which is a small dental clinic and goes inside. A small Chinese man greets him and asks him what he needs. After describing the problem, the Chinese dentist smiles and leads the man to an operating chair. "You, have abscess tooth!" The man doesn't know what to think of it, but lets the dentist work anyway. When he's finished, the man's mouth is a little sore, but when he farts, it's completely normal. "That's amazing!" he says. "How did you know the problem was my tooth?" "Very simple, how you not know?" replies the dentist. "Everybody know abscess makes the fart go honda!"
A joke so true it's almost not funny. What is the diference between a cocaine addict and a methamphetamine addict? A coke-head will steal your stuff. A tweaker will steal your stuff and *then* help you look for it. Not even once.
Brains For Sale A doctor notices a sidewalk stand that says 'Brains for Sale.' He goes over to investigate and sees a sign that says 'Doctor brains $8.00 a pound' and another sign that says Paramedic brains $12.00 a pound, Nurses brains $30.00 a pound, Truck Driver $40.00 a pound and Lawyers brains $90.00 a pound.' So he asks the man behind the cash register, "How come his brains are only worth 8.00 and a lawyer's worth 90.00?" The man replies, "Do you know how many lawyers it takes to make a pound of brains?"
What's the best thing about fucking a 10 year old girl? Flipping her over and pretending she's a 10 year old boy.
So a pirate walks into a bar.... with a humongous steering wheel you would find on a pirate ship on his dick. The bartender gives him a sideways look and asks, "what's up with the wheel?" The pirate responds, " I dunno how it got there, but it's driving mee' nuts!
A lion would NEVER cheat on his mate But a Tiger Wood. XD
Why can't you hear Django Freeman have sex? *The D is silent*
A Man and His Son...and Puppies A man and his young son are walking together in a park, and they stumble upon two dogs having sex. The son asks, "Daddy, Daddy! What are those dogs doing?" to which the man replies, "Son, those dogs are making puppies." His son seems to understand. One day, a few weeks later, the child walks in on his parents having sex. Of course, he asks, "Daddy! What are you doing?" The man, blushing, responds, "Well, son........we're making babies." The child then says, "Flip her over! I want puppies!!"
What does a chef call an undercover cop? Pig in a blanket.
What do you call old, expired Neosporin? Paleosporin
A joke you can only tell to a nerdy black guy. Your mom's so fat, scientist had to come up with a new name for her. A super massive black hole.
so i was on youtube... and people started making jokes here's the link. http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;v=V7-XLL3nbYU&amp;feature=fvwp great song too
Nymphomaniac Convention A man boarded an airplane and took his seat. As he settled in, he glanced up and saw the most beautiful woman he ever saw boarding the plane. He soon realized she was heading straight towards his seat. As fate would have it, she took the seat right beside his. Eager to strike up a conversation he blurted out, "Business trip or pleasure?" She turned, smiled and said, "Business." I'm going to the Annual Nymphomaniacs of America Convention in Boston." He swallowed hard. Here was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen sitting next to him, and she was going to a meeting of nymphomaniacs. Struggling to maintain his composure, he calmly asked, "What's your business role at this convention?" "Lecturer," she responded. "I use information that I have learned from my personal experiences to debunk some of the popular myths about sexuality." "Really?" he said. "And what kind of myths are there?" " "Well", she explained, "One popular myth is that African-American men are the most well-endowed of all men, when in fact it is the Native American Indian who is most likely to possess that trait. "Another popular myth is that Frenchmen are the best lovers, when actually it is men of Jewish descent who are the best. I have also discovered that the lover with absolutely the best stamina is the Southern Redneck." Suddenly the woman became a little uncomfortable and blushed. "I'm sorry," she said, "I shouldn't really be discussing all of this with you. I don't even know your name..." "Tonto," the man said , "Tonto Goldstein, but my friends call me Bubba."
What do you call a really annoying Jewish women? ....Ausbitch.
What's the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
What do you call someone who only gives back rubs to men? A massage-inist.
My Internet is acting like a black guy It doesn't work
My favorite knock knock joke. I need someone to start it ... Someone start the knock knock joke ...
DAE ever wonder if Andy would be disappointed in OP for not delivering? I went for corny.
Duck Joke Q: Why did the duck go to jail? A: He was selling quack.
Technology has ruined our kids A group of young children were siting in a circle with their teacher. She was going around in turn asking them all questions. "Davy, what noise does a cow make? " "It goes moo. " "Alice, what noise does a cat make? " "It goes meow. " "Jamie, what sound does a lamb make? " "It goes baaa. " "Jennifer, what sound does a mouse make? " "Errr.., it goes.. click! "
What happens when the lights go out in a Chinese restaurant? It'll Dimsum.
This one is best said out loud. A young boy wakes up on his birthday and heads downstairs. His family is poor, so his dad can only give him a duck and send him to town to trade for a gift. Along the way, he runs into a prostitute who is heading home after a quiet night. The prostitute says "Hey kid, how'd you like to have some fun?" The kid only has the duck to trade, but the prostitute agrees. Afterward, the prostitute is so impressed by the kid that she wants to have sex again. He doesn't really want to, so she offers him the duck to do it again and he agrees. As the kid is walking back home with his duck, a truck comes flying around the corner and just misses him, but completely squashes the duck. The truck driver jumps out of the cab and says, "Oh no, kid, I'm so sorry! Let me pay for the duck. Here's $24. It's all I have." The kid shrugs and takes the money and heads home where his Dad greets him at the door. "So, did you have a fun birthday?" "Sure did, Dad. I got a fuck for a duck, a duck for a fuck, and 24 bucks for a fucked-up duck."
A child asks his grandmother, "Grandma, whats it called when two people sleep in the same bedroom and one is on top of the other?" The grandmother replies, "Why, that's called sexual intercourse". The boy considers this, then runs outside to join his friends. A short time later the boy runs back inside and says, "Grandma, you were wrong, its called bunk beds, and Billy's Mom wants to talk to you.
Whats the difference between a park bench and an artist? A park bench can support a family of four.
Irish and Muslim on a plane A Muslim was sitting next to Paddy on a plane. Paddy ordered a whiskey. The stewardess asked the Muslim if he'd like a drink. He replied in disgust "I'd rather be raped by a dozen whores than let liquor touch my lips!" Paddy handed his drink back and said "Me too, I didn't know we had a choice!"
Sean Connery's New Job Sean Connery's agent calls him up and says "I've got an audition for you tomorrow about 10ish" Sean says "Great! I'll bring my racket"
Little Johnny had to go to the dentist for his first check-up. He was really nervous and he could not bring himself to trust the dentist, despite the kind dentist`s efforts to reassure him. No matter what the dentist said, Johnny just became more and more worried. Gentle coaxing from the dentist eventually got Johnny on the chair, which the dentist then adjusted. With Johnny seemingly starting to relax in the chair, the dentist then prepared his instruments for the check-up. However, just as the dentist placed the small mirror in Johnny`s mouth, he felt a small hand gently, but firmly, cup his balls. With a gasp of surprise, the dentist looked down at Johnny who said, "We aren`t going to hurt each other now, are we?"
adam and eve finally figured out the whole sex thing... afterward, adam's kicked back, dazed. god asks "son, where's eve?" to which adam replies "she's down at the stream, washing up." god groans "now i'll never get that smell outta those fish."
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up on it's own? Because it was two tired.
Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware store? Because he wanted a tight seal.
Two men arguing There was two men one named bill , the other clarence . they lived on opposite sides of a river . Neither of the men could swim , and each day they would stand on opposite sides of the river cursing at each other . Bill would always say if I could swim I would come over there an kick your butt . This went on for years an years . The corp of engineers came one day an built a bridge across the river . Clarence stood there on the other side doing his usual slurring an such . Bill was fuming mad of course and was slinging his usual butt whoopin threats back across the river . Bill went home , telling his wife all the things that Clarence had said , Bills wife said why don't you walk across that new bridge and end this feuding once an for all . Bill got half way across the bridge then turned an ran back to his house , an hid under his bed . His wife asked him what he was so afraid of . Bill said he got half way across the bridge an there was a big sign that said Clearance 13 foot an six inches . He said that feller looked a lot smaller than that when he was standing on the other side of that river.
What did the jew say when he reached the concentration camp? AU SHWITZ
A man walks into a bar with some tarmac under his arm... And said: "one for me and one for the road"
What's the difference between a Jew and a Muslim? Who cares! More bacon for me.
A Blond walks into a gas station... and asks the employee: "I locked my keys in the car. Do you have a coat hanger or something I can stick through the window to unlock the door?" Ten minutes later a trucker comes in and can't stop laughing. So the employee asks him why he is laughing. The trucker says: "There is a Blond who tries to open her car with a coat hanger!" The employee: "So what? This could happen to anyone." Trucker: "Sure, but usually there isn't another Blond in the car who yells: a little more right / a little more left! "
A few insurance workers are gathered at lunch when... a wrinkly, old woman walks up. She approaches them with her hands behind her back and says to them, "If any of you can guess what is behind my back, you can sleep with me!" The men all laugh before one man yells out, "I dont know. A fully grown alligator!" The old woman shows a big smile and responds, "Close enough!"
Two silkworms had a race... I heard they ended in a tie.
The difference between a prostitute and drug dealer? A prostitute can wash her crack and resell it.
Two priests in a car... ... as a cop pulls them over. "Sir, we are looking for two child molesters..." The priests look at each other and after a short moment the driver says: "Okay, we'll do it"
What did the slutty interstate say to the porche? I got curbs!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you are sodium fine :p
How to you tell a naval officer from and RAF officer on an aircraft carrier? The naval officer is trying to feed bread to the helicopters!
A couple of redneck men in a pickup truck drove into a lumberyard. One of the blond men walked in the office and said, "We need some four-by-twos." The clerk said, "You mean two-by-fours, don't you?" The man said, "I'll go check," and went back to the truck. He returned a minute later and said, "Yeah, I meant two-by-fours." "All right. How long do you need them?" The customer paused for a minute and said, "I'd better go check." After a while, the customer returned to the office and said, "A long time. We're gonna build a house."
Bad News A mother passing by her daughters bedroom was astonished to see the bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. Then she saw an envelope propped up in the center of the bed. It was addressed, "Mom". With the worst premonition, she opened the envelope with trembling hands: "Dear Mum, it is with great regret &amp; sorrow that I'm writing to you, I had to elope with my new boyfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with you and Dad. I've been finding real passion with him &amp; he is so nice, even with all his piercings, tattoos, beard, and motorcycle clothes. But it's not just the passion Mum, I'm pregnant and he said that we will be very happy. He already owns a trailor in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. He wants to have many more children with me and that is now one of my dreams too. He taught me that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone and we'll be growing it for us and trading it with his friends for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want. In the meantime we'll pray that science finds a cure for AIDS so he can get better, he sure deserves it! Don't worry Mum, I'm 15 years old now and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure we'll be back to visit so u can get to know your grandchildren. Your daughter, Sophie... P.S. Mum, none of the above is true. I'm over at the neighbors house. I just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than my report card that's in my desk top drawer. I love you! Call me when it is safe to come home.."
Obama goes to hell Barack Obama has a heart attack and dies. He goes to hell, where the Devil is waiting for him. "I'm not sure what to do." says the Devil. "You're on my list, but I have no room for you. As you definitely have to stay here, I'm going to have to let someone else go." "I've got three folks here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let you decide who leaves!" Obama thought that sounded pretty good, so he agrees. The Devil opened the first room. In it was Nancy Peloisi and a large pool of hot water. she kept diving in and climbing out, over and over. Such was her fate in hell. "No!' said Obama. 'I don't think so, I'm not a good swimmer!" The Devil led him to the next room. In it was George bush with a sledgehammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing the hammer, time after time. "No! I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I had to do was break rocks all day." The Devil opened the third door. In it, Obama saw Bill Clinton lying on the floor with his arms staked over his head, and his legs staked in a spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best. Obama looked at this in disbelief for a while, and finally says, "Yeah, I can handle this." The Devil smiled and said, "OK, Monica, you're free to Go!"
What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a scottish sheep herder? One says, "hey, you! Get off my cloud!", and the other one says, "hey, McCloud! Get off of my ewe!"
Elephant jokes. Why do elephants paint their toenails red? To hide in cherry trees. Have you ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree? Thats because it had its toenails painted. Why should you never walk through the forrest between the hours of 5pm and 7pm? That's when elephants tend to jump out of cherry trees. Why are midgets so short? They tend to walk through the forrest between the hours of 5pm and 7pm Why do ducks have flat feet? To stamp out forrest fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stamp out burning ducks.
Three lawyers and three engineers were travelling by train to a conference. At the station, each lawyer bought a ticket whereas the engineers bought only one ticket between them. "How are you going to travel on a single ticket?" asked a lawyer. "Wait and watch" answered one of the engineers. When they boarded the train, the lawyers took their seats, but the three engineers crammed into a toilet and closed the door behind them. Shortly after the train started, the ticket collector arrived. He knocked on the toilet door and asked, "Ticket please." The door opened just a crack and a single arm emerged with a ticket in hand. The ticket collector took it and moved on. Seeing this, the lawyers decided to the same thing on the return trip. So when they got to the station, they bought only one ticket. To their astonishment, the engineers didn't buy any. "How are you going to travel without a ticket?" asked one of the perplexed lawyers. "Wait and watch" answered an engineer. In the train, the three engineers crammed into a toilet and the three lawyers into another nearby. Soon after the train started, one of the engineers got out of the toilet and walked to one where the lawyers were hiding. He knocked on the door and said, "Ticket, please."
Lawyer Joke :) What's the difference between a Lawyer &amp; a Hooker? A hooker quits screwing you when you're dead :)
What do you say to a handicapped dog? Down Syndrome, down!
A man and his penis. A man had a problem with his penis since birth. It was related to the size, but unlike many humans who feel they are too small, his was far too large! 25 inches to be precise. Constantly he would have women run screaming from his bedchamber. So one day he decided he'd had enough of this, and went on a long journey to find a solution to this sizable problem. He went to many doctors, sorcerors, alchemists and shamans. Every expert imaginable who could possibly solve his problem. But sadly none could help him, with out resorting to dangerous and excruciatingly painful methods. The poor man was distraught and ready to give up on his quest, but desperate, he tried one last resort. To go to a foul Troll witch doctor he had heard of, that supposedly had powerful magic. Going to this troll, he paid him a generous amount of gold, the explained his size issues. The witch doctor nodded. "Yah mon. Dere be a way to solve dis problam. You go to de bog, ten miles to de north. Find de lone female frog, chillin' on 'er lillypad. Den you ask 'er marry you. Every time de frog say no, you're problam get smallah an' smallah mon. Buy five whole inchas." Sceptical, but willing to give it a go, the man went north to the bog. Just as the Troll had said, there was a lone female frog sitting quietly on her lillypad. So shrugging his shoulders he called out to it. "Hey frog! Will you marry me?!" She offered the man a cold brief glance, before turning away and snobbishly answering. "No!" To the man's astonishment, it worked and his 25 incher instantly shrank down to a 20. That foul godless troll had actually told him the truth. Excited now that his long journey had come to an end, he again called out to the frog. "Hey frog! Will you marry me?!" Seeming a little more pissed off by the advance this time, the frog glared angrily at him. "No!!" Instantly tool shrank to 15 inches. The human was thrilled one more time, and it would be perfect! Ten inches would be great. "Frog! Marry me!" Standing up, she glowered at the human with a deadly glare, then started screaming at him. "HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU?!?! NO, NO, AND FOR THE LAST TIME..."
What is Brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre, of course.
A recent study on crow deaths A recent study has found over 200 dead crows near Ceduna S. Aus., and there was concern that they may have died from the Avian Flu virus. A Bird Pathologist examined the remains of all the crows, and he confirmed the problem was definitely NOT Avian Flu, to everyone's relief. However, he was also able to determine that 98% of the crows had been killed by impact with large trucks, and only 2% were killed by car impact. The State hired an Ornithological Behaviorist to determine the disproportionate percentages for the large truck versus car kills. The Ornithological Behaviorist determined the cause in short order. When crows eat road kill, they always set-up a look-out Crow in a nearby tree to warn of impending danger. His conclusion was that the lookout crow could say "Cah", but he could not say "Truck."
Whats the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute? A prostitute stops screwing you after you're dead.
Library suicide A man goes to the library and asks if they have a book on how to commit suicide. The librarian says "Yeh, I think we do, it should be at the back row on the top shelf". The man goes and looks, even climbs a ladder to look at the top but still can't find it. "Still no luck" says the man. The librarian replies "Oh, the last person who borrowed it mustn't have brought it back"
Child skipping ahead in school A first-grade teacher, Ms. Brooks, was having trouble with one of her students. The teacher asked, "Harry, what's your problem?" Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the 1st grade. My sister is in the 3rd grade and I'm smarter than she is! I think I should be in the 3rd grade, too!" Ms. Brooks had had enough. She took Harry to the principal's office. While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. The principal told Ms. Brooks he would give the boy a test. If he failed to answer any of his questions he was togo back to the 1st grade and behave. She agreed. Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him. He agreed to take the test. Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" Harry: "9." Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" Harry: "36." And so it went with every question the principal thought a 3rd grader should know. The principal looks at Ms. Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the 3rd grade." Ms. Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions." The principal and Harry both agreed. Ms. Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of?" Harry, after a moment: "Legs." Ms. Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" Harry replied: "Pockets." Ms. Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?" Harry: "Pants." Ms. Brooks: What starts with a C, ends with a T, is hairy, oval, delicious and contains thin, whitish liquid?" Harry: "Coconut." The principal sat forward with his mouth hanging open. Ms. Brooks: "What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky?" The principal's eyes opened really wide and before he could stop the answer, Harry replied, "Bubble gum." Ms. Brooks: "What does a man do standing up, a woman does sitting down, and a dog does on three legs?" Harry: "Shake hands." Ms. Brooks: "What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?" The principal was trembling. Harry: "Firetruck." The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the teacher,"Put Harry in the fifth grade. I got the last seven questions wrong."
What happened to the chinese man who walked into a wall with a boner? He smashed his nose
I thought I share this gem What is the worse thing you can do to a blind man? .....Leave the plunger in the toilet!
What do you do? So, you are walking around in a forest and see a girl lying on the floor, half naked and clothes tattered. She is weeping heavily, and you can tell she has just been raped. What do you do? You check your map, because you have been walking in a circle.
What are the effects of biggest brainwashing book in human history? i dont know...try asking the suicide bombers
Have you heard the me neither joke? Me neither.
Susan at Bible Shool Susan was a good little Christian girl, but one Saturday night, she stayed up way to late. So when Sunday rolled around and it came time for Sunday School, she finally forced herself to go. Upon her arrival she figured it wasn't all that important as it was the same lesson from 3 weeks ago. She dozed off, and when the teacher asked her, "Who is the Son of God?" The boy next to her poked her with a pencil. She immediately woke up and exclaimed, "Jesus Christ!". After this she nodded off again and the teacher called on her again, "Susan, who is the creator of the universe?" The boy poked her again with the pencil, awakening flustered and rather angry, she spoke softly, growing gradually louder, "Oh, my, God!" Again she falls asleep when the teacher asks one final question, "Susan, what did Eve say to Adam after their 56th child?" The boy once more prodded her with his pencil and she screams, "IF YOU POKE ME WITH THAT THING ONE MORE TIME, I WILL SNAP IT IN HALF!!!"
Ever listen to the radio station WPMS? 3 weeks of the blues, one week of rag-time
I had I dream I wrote The Hobbit, and Lord of the Rings trilogy. I was Tolkien in my sleep.
What do you get when you mix alcohol with literature? Tequila Mockingbird!
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2, one to hold the ladder and the other to screw the mother.. LIGHTBULB!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
How do you always keep your shoes tied? Replace the laces with earphones.
A cheap concert 50 CENT starring Nickleback
How do you get an elephant on a train? You take the "S" out of sub, and the "F" out of way. [Say it out loud]
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It's going to take me a minute to get hard, I was just laid by this chick.
What do you call a horny Egyptian king that ate at White Castle? Toot-N-Cummin!
A man walks into a library A man goes to a library, walks to the librarian's desk and says: "I'd like to have a large burger with french fries and a coke please!!" Surprised the Librarian says: "But sir, this is a library." "Oh, I'm sorry", says the man and he whispers: *"I'd like to have a large burger with french fries and a coke please.."*
The canoe full of moosemeat... [this is a visual joke, if you don't try and visualize it the punchline is dead] So there's these 2 fat chicks who are drunk off their asses at a party. When the party gets shut down, they hear there is another party going on just down the road. Along the way to the next shindig as they are crossing a bridge, one of the big girls says to the other "I wanna piss off this bridge like when I was a little girl and watch my piss trickle down into the river, it'll take me back to when i was a kid again" so her friend says "ok, I'll hang onto your hands so you don't fall off the bridge" as the girl starts to piss, she looks over her shoulder and starts giggling watching her piss trickle down into the river below and abruptly says to her friend "holy fuckin shit! there's a canoe full of moosemeat down there in the river, we gotta go get it, free food" girl number 2 half excited says "no fuckin' way!!" and takes a peak over the edge and with dismay replies to her pissing friend... "thats not a canoe full of moosemeat you idiot, it's your god damned reflection!!"
A man left work one Friday afternoon. Being payday, instead of going home, he stayed out the entire weekend hunting with the boys and spent his entire paycheck. When he finally appeared at home, Sunday night, he was confronted by a very angry wife and was barraged for nearly two hours with a tirade befitting his actions. Finally, his wife stopped the nagging and simply said to him, "How would you like it if you didn't see me for two or three days?" To which he replied, "That would be fine with me." Monday went by and he didn't see his wife. Tuesday and Wednesday came and went with the same results. Thursday, the swelling went down just enough where he could see her a little out of the corner of his left eye
When searching for Gary Oldman on google images Make damn sure you dont miss that r...
Why does Helen Keller play piano one-handed? She sings with the other hand.
I ate some Tesco burgers last night. I think it's given me the trots.
I think someone may be sending me death threats. Woke up this morning with a [Tesco burger](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21038521) on my pillow!
Arnold Schwarzenegger's computer Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked if he wanted to upgrade to Windows 8, he replied: "I still love Vista, baby"
Why was the ground all white after Custer's last stand ? The Indians just kept coming and coming
A priest, a drunkard, and an engineer are taken to the guillotine... On a beautiful Sunday afternoon in the midst of the French Revolution the revolting citizens led a priest, a drunkard and an engineer to the guillotine. They ask the priest if he wants to face up or down when he meets his fate. The priest says he would like to face up so he will be looking towards heaven when he dies. They raise the blade of the guillotine and release it. It comes speeding down and suddenly stops just inches from his neck. The authorities take this as divine intervention and release the priest. The drunkard comes to the guillotine next. He also decides to die face up, hoping that he will be as fortunate as the priest. They raise the blade of the guillotine and release it. It comes speeding down and suddenly stops just inches from his neck. Again, the authorities take this as a sign of divine intervention, and they release the drunkard as well. Next is the engineer. He, too, decides to die facing up. As they slowly raise the blade of the guillotine, the engineer suddenly says, "Hey, I see what your problem is ..."
Why did the marine biologist jump off a bridge? He lost his porpoise in life.
Public indecency So I was on a long road trip to get home to visit the family for the holidays not too long ago. They live in the middle of the country and it's quite a drive. After going several miles with no signs of a gas station, I really needed to pee. So I pulled over, picked an inviting stalk of corn and started to let loose. Unfortunately, the local sheriff happened to pass by at the same time. He patiently let me finish and so I walked up and pleaded my case. He said, "I understand, but I can't just let you walk away from this without a ticket for public indecency." I looked down at it and exclaimed, "1,200 dollars!? For peeing in the middle of nowhere!?" The sheriff looks at me and just says, "Yessir, $100 per inch."
Where was France's military strategy developed? Toulouse
Me and my recliner... We go way back.
A jumbo jet is just coming into the Toronto Airport on it's final approach. The pilot comes on the intercom, "This is your Captain. We're on our final descent into Toronto. I want to thank you for flying with us today and I hope you enjoy your stay in Toronto". He forgot to switch off the intercom. Now the whole plane can hear his conversation from the cockpit. The copilot says to the pilot, "Well, skipper, watcha gonna do in Toronto?" "Well," says the skipper, "first I'm gonna check into the hotel and take a big crap ... then I'm gonna take that new stewardess with the huge tits out for dinner..... then I'm gonna wine and dine her, take her back to my room and put it to her big time all night." Everyone on the plane hears this and immediately begins looking up and down the aisle trying to get a look at the new stewardess. Meanwhile the new stewardess is at the very back of the plane. She's so embarrassed that she starts to run to try and get to the cockpit to turn the intercom off. Halfway down the aisle, she trips over an old lady's bag and down she goes. The old lady leans over and says: "No need to hurry, dear. He's gotta take a sh*t first."
A Tesco Burger, produced in Ireland walks into a bar.. He says to the barman 'Can I have a pint please?' Barman says 'Sorry pal, didn't quite catch that, speak up a bit' Burger says 'Sorry there, I'm a little bit horse'
How good are Tesco's meatballs? They're the dog's bollocks!
Father buys a beetle farm for Jhonny one evening Jhonny is so excited he keeps shouting "Beetle.. Beetle.. Beetle.." the entire night and next day. By evening next day the father is really irritated and says "BE SILENT!". So Jhonny pauses for sometime and starts shouting "eetle.. eetle.. eetle.. "
Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant? Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper.
What do you call the electronic process of making a sandwich? A sub routine.
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar... He orders a drink.
What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly a dick in your mouth.
Russian version of the guillotine joke (different punchline) (fyi: Russian belief is that if anything goes wrong during the execution, it is divine intervention, and it is every bad mojo to try to execute a 2nd time if the prisoner survived.) So... The Germans catch 3 spies in Berlin during WW1. A Frenchman, an American, and a Russian. They want to make a public spectacle of the execution. They bring out the Frenchman into the main square first. Before him is a noose, a guillotine, and an electric chair. They say, you get to choose your method of execution today. He says "As a true Frenchman, I pick the guillotine." They strap him in there, drum-roll...blade stops inches from his neck. They untie him, and walk him back from the square. As he's walking back, the American is being brought forward. As they pass the Frenchman mutters under his breath "The guillotine is broken." So the American walks into the square and they tell him "You get to pick your method of execution today. As an American, you'll probably want the electric chair, right?" To which the American spy replies "You know what...I'm feeling a bit adventurous today. I'm going to go with the guillotine." So they strap him in, drum-roll... blade stops inches from his neck. They untie him, walk him back, as he passes the Russian being walked out the American mutters under his breath "The guillotine is broken." So they bring the Russian out, and they forgo all the BS and just say "Let me guess, you want the fucking guillotine!" To which the Russian replies "You're not fooling THIS guy! The guillotine is BROKEN!"
I went to the zoo and saw a piece of toast in a cage. The sign said "Bread in captivity".
What do you call a blonde standing on her head? A brunette with bad breath
How do you call playing games while it snows heavily? Blizzard Entertainment.
Student: Teacher, can I ask you a question? Teacher: You just did.
Canadian guy, American guy, ugly woman and gorgeous woman on a train. A Canadian guy, American guy, a ugly woman and gorgeous woman are sitting in opposing seats on a train. After some initial introductions of where they're from and where they're going, they settle in to do their own thing and basically ignore each other. Some time later, the train enters a tunel and all goes black, then suddenly they hear a big slap. As the train exits the tunnel there's the American with the side of his face all red wearing a look of shock. In the mind of the ugly woman, "That American tried to grope the gorgeous girl and she slapped him!" In the mind of the gorgeous woman, "That American tried to grope me, but got the ugly woman instead and she slapped him!" In the mind of the American, "That Canadian tried to grope the gorgeous woman and she tried to slap him but got me instead!" In the mind of the Canadian, "I hope we go through another tunnel so I can slap that American again"
On the way out of mass... On the way out of mass, Steve asks Jason: "I've wanted to fuck the pastor's stunning wife for the longest time, can you do me a favor and keep the pastor at confession for like half an hour so I can go nail her? Jason, ever the wingman, agrees, and proceeds to the confession booth. After a few minutes, the pastor sensed that Jason seemed to just be stalling. The pastor asked: "Jason, are you really here for confession, or do you have ulterior motives? Jason began feeling guilty, and confessed: "Father, I have sinned. I was just keeping you here so Steve can fuck your wife". The pastor smiled, and said: "Well, I suggest that you get home rather quickly. I've been a widower for 10 years!"
3 dirt-covered archaeologists walk into a bar... Immediately the bartender and the patrons start giving them "dirty" looks. One asks where the bathroom is and is met only with silence and cold stares. The 2nd one tries to order a drink and the bartender refuses. So the third one, wondering what is going on, inquires about the poor treatment they are receiving. The bartender replies: "We don't serve diggers..."
A blind man walks into a bar... and orders his drink. While he's waiting he asks: "Hey! Do you want to hear a blonde joke?". The woman next to him answers: " I'm blond and had the worst day ever. The bartender is a blonde and has plenty of brawn and next to you sits also a blond biker. Do you really want to tell this joke?" The blind man says: "No, not any more. I don't want to explain the joke a thousand times."
So did you hear about the Angry composer? Apparently, he had a few scores to settle.
What did the shirt say to the pants zipper? Your so fly man
Why doesn't Marty McFly drink wine? Too many Tannens.
The Lonely Widow Jack and Joe go on a road trip, but after driving for an hour, the car breaks down. They get it working, but they're seriously delayed and will never make it to the hotel they were going to stay at in time. Upon seeing a farmhouse just off the road, they drive in, and ask if they can park in the barn and stay in their car for the night, to keep warm. The woman who owns the farm is unsure and says "I am a widow, people will talk if you stay here overnight" but the men assure her they'll be gone before sunrise, and no one will ever know, so she lets them stay. About 9 months later Jack rings Joe and asks, "Did you sneak off that night we stopped in a barn on our road trip, to go and see the widow?" Joe responds, "Well, actually I did, yes, why do you ask?" "Did you give her my name and address Joe, instead of yours?" "Well, um, yes, I'm afraid I did, why, is there a problem?" "Oh no it's fine." replies Jack, "She died and left everything to me."
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's house? ...neither has he!
Today I learned that diarrhea is hereditary. It runs through your "jeans"
A guy walks into a bar with a gun and yelled "Who slept with my wife?" and in the background someone replied "You ain't got enough bullets."
A priest, a rabbi, and a scientist walk into a bar... and have a wonderful conversation about politics.
A blond, a brunette and a redhead . . . were in a breast stroke competition to cross the English Channel. They all dove in together on the shores of the UK. Across the Channel on the shores of France, the judges and media waited patiently. After a few hours the redhead emerged from the waters to hearty cheers. About a half hour later, the brunette emerged to polite applause. But where was the blond? They waited and waited. The sun was starting to set when the blond came out of the water, nearly dead from exhaustion. The few newsmen that remained rushed to her and asked if she had anything to say. "Yes!" she gasped. "I don't want to sound like a sore loser, but I think that brunette and redhead were using their arms!"
Where does Lance Armstrong go to continue his education? http://cms.bsu.edu/
Can you tell me why the Irish only put 239 beans in their chili? well me boy, one more would be "twofarty".
Three men in prison are about to be executed. There are three men standing in a prison yard, about to be executed for their crimes. They are offered a choice in execution style; beheading via guillotine, death by firing squad or an injection of HIV. The first man chooses beheading. He's led to the guillotine by the guards, positioned, and executed. Blood sprays everywhere and his head goes rolling across the yard. Horrified by what he's just seen, the second man chooses to be shot. The guards lead him to a wall, six other guards point their weapons at him, and they open fire. The man dies fairly slowly, choking on his own blood. The third man is totally calm. He says, somewhat smugly, that he'd like to be given the HIV injection. The guards summon the doctor, who gives the third man his injection. Back in his own cell later, the third man begins laughing quietly to himself. Confused, his bunkmate asks what's so funny. "Those idiots," the man replies. "I was wearing a condom the whole time!"
Economists... If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
Why was skrillex banned from the music shop? for dropping the bass too much
A midget cowboy goes to the doctor The testicles of a midget cowboy hurt and ached almost all the time.The midget went to the doctor and told him about his problem. The doctor told him to drop his pants and he would have a look. The midget dropped his pants. The doctor stood him up onto the examining table, and started to examine him.The doctor put one finger under his left testicle and told the midget to turn his head and cough, the usual method to check for a hernia. "Hmm...."mumbled the doctor, and as he put his finger under the right testicle, he asked the midget to cough again.. "Aha!" said the doctor, and reached for his surgical scissors..... Snip-snip-snip-snip on the right side . . . then snip-snip-snip-snip on the left side. The midget was so scared he was afraid to look, but noted with amazement that the snipping did not hurt. The doctor then told the midget to walk around the examining room to see if his testicles still hurt. The midget was absolutely delighted as he walked around and discovered his testicles were no longer aching. The doctor said, "How does that feel now?" The midget replied, "Perfect Doc, and I didn't even feel it. What did you do?" The doctor replied, "I cut two inches off the top of your cowboy boots..."
Since you liked the first one...more Russian jokes. (Airplane Intercom Version) "Good afternoon passengers. We are currently flying at 20000 feet. If you take a look out of the windows on the left-hand side you will get a good view of our left engine on fire. If you look out the right-hand side windows you will see our right wing has fallen off. Below the airplane you will soon see 5 parachutes. Our crew thanks you for flying Aeroflot. We wish you a pleasant journey to wherever your final destination may be."
A brunette goes to the doctor... She says, "Everywhere I touch it hurts." He asks "What do you mean?" So she showed him what she meant. She touched her knee and said "Ouch!" Then she touched her chest and said, "Ouch!" Then her shoulder, "Ouch!" The doctor looks at her and asks, "Your really blonde, aren''t you?" She replies "Yes, as a matter of fact I am. How did you guess?" Doctor says, "Well your finger is broken."
Farting in an elevator It's wrong on so many levels
Abstience Three couples went in to see the minister to see how to become members of his church. The minister said that they would have to go without sex for two weeks and then come back and tell him how it went. The first couple was retired, the second couple was middle-aged and the final couple was newlywed. Two weeks went by, and the couples returned to the minister. The retired couple said it was no problem at all. The middle-aged couple said it was tough for the first week, but after that, it was no problem. The newlyweds said it was fine until she dropped the can of paint. "Can of PAINT!" exclaimed the minister. "Yeah," said the newlywed man. "She dropped the can and when she bent over to pick it up I had to have her right there and then. Lust took over." The minister just shook his head and said that they were not welcome in the church. "That's okay," said the man. "We're not welcome in Home Depot either."
did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison? he is a small medium, at large
Johnny and his duck Johnny's dad decided to give him a little test to see how he handled responsibility. He gave Johnny a duck and told him to go sell it at the market in town. Johnny jumped at the chance to prove himself to his dad. Johnny took the duck and started walking to the market. On his way, Johnny walked passed a brothel where there were several ladies sitting on the front porch. They whistled and hooted at Johnny then one asked where he was going with that duck. He said he was taking it to sell at market. The lady said she'd take the duck and give him something he couldn't get at the market. Johnny was confused but agreed. When the deed was done and Johnny realized he didn't have any money to take back to show his dad, he started crying. The lady said there was an old, ugly hooker at the brothel that never got picked by any man. If Johnny would "pick" her and cheer her up, she would give him back his duck. Johnny agreed. After that deed was done, Johnny left with his duck tucked under his arm again. As he turned to wave goodbye to the ladies, the duck jumped free and ran into the street where it was hit by a passing truck. The man driving the truck stopped and apologized to Johnny and offered him $25 for hitting his duck. Johnny was sad for the duck but he had what he came for, so he set off for home. When he got there, his dad was really excited that Johnny got so much for his duck. He asked Johnny how he did it. Johnny said, "Well, I got a fuck for a duck; a duck for a fuck; and 25 dollars for a fucked up duck"
The Circle Of Life Two cowboys, Bill and Joe, are riding their horses through the prairie. Joe says "Bill, what happens when we die?" Bill says "Well Joe, do you know about the circle of life?" "I recon I don't" says Joe. "Let me tell you." Says bill. "So say an Indian rides by right now and shoots an arrow through your skull. And you fall off your horse, dead as a door-nail before you hit the ground. Your body starts decomposing and a bunch of maggots come out of the ground and eat your flesh. Now all the leftover nutrients from your body and the holes the maggots left in the earth are a perfect spot for grass to grow. So an extra nice heavy patch of grass grows in that spot. And then a buffalo comes over and eats this nice patch of grass. And then the buffalo has to take a massive dump. Then i ride by and see the pile of buffalo shit, and say 'Joe! You haven't changed a bit!'"
I knew a deaf fisherman... So I knew this deaf fishermen. He caught all kinds of good stuff. The salmon, flounder, all the good ones gets sold for money. But he always keeps the herring. He turns them into plenty of handy-dandy herring aids.
Did you hear that the sine function left home? He still comes home periodically.
Reddit, hit me with your best Black Jokes I WANT ALL THE BEST JOKES YOU GUYS HAVE! Make me happy..
A man goes to his doctors office for a routine checkup... During his physical examination, a doctor asked a man about his physical activity level. He described a typical day this way: "Well, yesterday afternoon, I took a five hour walk about 7km through some pretty rough terrain. I waded along the edge of a lake. I pushed my way through brambles. I got sand in my shoes and my eyes. I just avoided standing on a large snake. I climbed several rocky hills. I took a few 'leaks' behind some big trees. The mental stress of it all left me shattered. At the end of it all I drank eight beers." Inspired by the story, the doctor said, "You must be one hell of an outdoors man!" "No," he replied, "I'm just a shitty golfer".
What kind of doctor are you. So a guy goes to see the doctor. Doc: "What's the matter?" Guy: "It's my elbow." Doc: "What's wrong with your elbow?" Guy: "Actually, it's my stomach." Doc: "What's wrong with your stomach?" Guy: "Actually, it's my knee." The doctor starts to become agitated. Doc: "I'm losing my patience." The guy says, alarmed - "I thought doctors weren't supposed to lose their patients!"
I don't like tacos Said no Juan ever.
Why does a tiger make such a good girlfriend? Because its not a cheetah.
Checking the meats at my local Tesco... I looked for the burgers but it looks like they are *NEIGGHHH*-ver selling them again.
Bouncing Baby Boy Balls There was a baby born in the hospital and he weighed ten pounds. The odd thing about him was his body weighed five pounds and his balls weighed five pounds. All the nurses and even the doctor didn't know what to do with him. Then, the chief surgeon walked in and asked what was wrong. The head nurse replied, ''We don't know what to do with this baby.'' So the chief surgeon took one look and said, "You should put him into a mental institution." ''Why?' asked the head nurse. "Well," replied the chief surgeon, "take a look at him. The boy is obviously half nuts."
How are black people similar to tornadoes? They both only take one to ruin a neighborhood.
If I had a nickel... If I had a nickel for every economics test I passed, I'd have 7 cents.
MY VIRGINITY
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead walk into a bar... And the bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Why did the chicken cross the road? Why did the cross the road? To ge to the gay kids house. Knock knock. Who's there? The chicken.
Ok, seriously.. I've been subbed to r/jokes for about a week and about half of the jokes all I see is people complaining about a repost. Yes, some poeple repost for karma, some do it because they just heard a funny joke. WHO CARES? Just because you saw the same thing months ago doesn't mean everybody else did. Oh, right this should be a joke.. uhmm. Knock knock Who's there something something punchline
So a son walks in on his parents... A man and his wide are having sex when their ten year old son walks in on them. The son screams OH MY GOD and then runs out of the room. The father laughs and says to give the son a few minutes to calm down, and then he'll explain what was going on. A few minutes later, the father walks into his sons room to fins him having sex with his grandmother. The man screams OH MY GOD! Yeah, his son says. It's not so funny when it's YOUR mother, is it?
Sorry, Australia... Overheard my sister talking to my friend when this was said. Sis: "Do they have bush babies in Australia"? Friend: "No, but they have plenty of dead babies in the bush".
A Jehovah's Witness Came By Yesterday A Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on my door yesterday, so I answered it and asked if he wanted to come in he said, "Yeah, okay." I said I've put on a pot of coffee, do you want some? He said, "Yeah, sure." I said I've just made some toast do you want a slice? He said, "Yeah, why not." I then motioned toward the kitchen table and we both sat down. We sat and looked at each other awkwardly for a moment. Then I asked him, "So what now?" He said, "I don't know I've never got this far before..."
What does a suicidal teenager do on the weekends? Hang at home.
Lance Armstrong finally admitted to doping... ...at least he had the ball to admit it.
A young man walks into a doctor's office with an orange penis... He says, "Doc, you gotta help me, my penis is bright orange and I'm afraid of the worst." The doctor examines the penis and it is, indeed, bright orange but the doctor can't make a diagnosis. He spends the next several hours running every relevant test that he can think of. At the end of this testing ordeal, the doctor is still stymied. He confronts the young man and says, "Son, I've run every test I can think of and all of them indicate that you are healthy as a horse. There must be something we are missing." The doctor sits down and says, "Perhaps , it's not genetic and has to do with your lifestyle. Tell me, do you engage in any dangerous activities." "That's just it, Doc," says the young man, "I don't really do anything exciting. Mostly, I just sit at home, surf the Internet and eat Cheetohs."
Why couldn't Billy the Jet go flying with his friends? Because he was grounded.
I was just flipping through a pictorial of Betty White on one of those celebrity sites... And I realized it was Lindsey Lohan. True Story.
Guy's first condom story I recall my first time with a condom, I was 16 or so. I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful woman assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it. She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, 'No, this is my first time.' So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty. 'Just a minute,' she said, and walked to the door, and locked it. Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside. 'Do these excite you?' She asked. Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was nod my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on. As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her panties and laid down on a desk. 'Well, come on', she said, 'We don't have much time.' So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and I was done within a few minutes. She looked at me with a bit of a frown. 'Did you put that condom on?' she asked. I said, 'I sure did,' and held up my thumb to show her.
why can't coffee conduct electricity? because it is grounded
The Bum &amp; the Gentleman A bum, who obviously has seen more than his share of hard times, approaches a well dressed gentleman on the street. "Hey, Buddy, can you spare two dollars?" "You are not going to spend it on liquor, are you? The well-dressed gentleman replies. "I don't drink " says the bum. "You are not going to throw it away in some crap game, are you?" The gentleman asks. "No way, I don't gamble" answers the bum. "You wouldn't waste the money at a golf course for greenfees, would you?" asks the man. "Never" says the bum, "I don't play golf" The man asks the bum if he would like to come home with him for a home cook meal. The bum accepts eagerly. While they are heading for the man's house, the bum curiosity gets the better of him. "Isn't your wife going to be angry when she sees a guy like me at your table?" "Probably," says the man, "but it will be worth it. I want her to see what happens to a guy who doesn't drink, gamble or play golf
What do a gynecologist and a pizza guy have in common? They can both smell it but can't eat it.
Why can't they teach drivers ed on the same day as sex ed in Egypt? Wears out the camel.
What do you call a baby born feet first? a c-section.
Another blonde, brunette, and redhead... ...are stranded on a deserted island. Before long they run out of all their supplies and are left in a hopeless and desperate situation. They determine that one of them will try and swim for the next closest inhabited island 100 miles away. The redhead volunteers to go, but 40 miles into her swim, she finds herself completely exhausted and drowns. So the brunette makes her attempt and after making it about 50 miles, can't swim another stroke and drowns. The blonde, left alone, finally makes her attempt. With grit and determination she swims mile after mile but sure enough, 60 miles into her trip, she determines that she will never make it. So she turns around and swims back.
A brunette and 9 blondes are rock climbing... and get stuck, unable to continue their ascent and also unable to safely retreat. Upset at themselves for not taking safety precautions, they begin discussing any possible ways of getting help. Eventually, the brunette makes a moving speech about why she should be the one to drop down and seek help, potentially injuring herself. Moved by her selflessness and eloquence, the 9 blondes start clapping...
Grandpa and Grandson One day, Little Johnny saw his grandpa smoking his cigarettes. Little Johnny asked, "Grandpa, can I smoke some of your cigarettes?" His grandpa replied, "Can your penis reach your asshole?" "No", said Little Johnny. His grandpa replied, "Then you're not old enough." The next day, Little Johnny saw his grandpa drinking beer. He asked, "Grandpa, can I drink some of your beer?" His grandpa replied, "Can your penis reach your asshole?" "No" said Little Johhny. "Then you're not old enough." his grandpa replied. The next day, Little Johnny was eating cookies. His grandpa asked, "Can I have some of your cookies?" Little Johnny replied, "Can your penis reach your asshole?" His grandpa replied, "It most certainly can!" Little Johnny replied, "Then go fuck yourself. These are my cookies!"
What was James Bond after he slept through an earthquake? Shaken, not stirred.
How many PETA member does it take to change a lightbulb? Doesnt matter. PETA cant chqnge anything!
A couple of friends are catching up after years apart. "So I hear you've recently had a baby boy!" Gushes Edna. "We did!" Responds Amy. "Have you decided on a name yet?" "Funny story: with our first, Denise, my husband's brother wanted to name her. The name stuck, so when he asked again, we figured he'd pick another good one." "That's adorable! What'd he pick!" Amy sighed. "Denephew."
What comes in pints? elephants
Some questions... How do you throw a brick out of an airplane? [Open the door and throw it](/spoiler) How do you put a giraffe in a fridge? [Open the fridge and put the giraffe in it](/spoiler) How do you put an elephant in a fridge? [Open the door, remove the giraffe and put the elephant](/spoiler) There was a meeting in the forest where all the animals gathered except which one? [The elephant, its still in the fridge](/spoiler) A swamp is filled with crocodiles but still a lady crossed it easily. How? [The crocodiles had gone to the meeting](/spoiler) But still the lady died. How? [The brick fell on her.](/spoiler)
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank coffee before it was cool
There was a construction worker... ...on the 3rd floor of an unfinished building. He needed a hand saw, but was too lazy to go down and get it himself, so he tried to call his fellow worker on the ground to get it for him, but this guy could not hear a word he said. So he started to give a sign so the guy on the ground could understand him. First he pointed at his eyes (meaning "I") then pointed at his knees (meaning "need), and moved his hand back and forth describing the movement of a hand saw. Finally, the guy on the ground started nodding his head like he understood and dropped his pants and started to jerk off. The guy on the 3rd floor got pissed-off and ran down to the ground and started yelling at this guy, "You idiot, I was trying to tell you I needed a hand saw." The other guy replied, "I know, I was trying to tell you that I was coming."
Why did the mathematician get pulled over? for drinking and deriving
What are the two biggest lies when working for a large corporation? "Hello. I'm from the head office and I'm here to help you" "Welcome. We're glad to have you"
Where did Jessica go after the explosion? Everywhere
OLD AGE AND TREACHERY WILL OVERCOME YOUTH AND SKILL EVERY TIME! A father, son and grandson went to the country club for their weekly round of golf. Just as they reached the first tee, a beautiful young blond woman carrying her bag of clubs approached them. She explained that the member who brought her to the club for a round of golf had an emergency that called him away and asked the trio whether she could join them. Naturally, the guys all agreed. Smiling, the blonde thanked them and said, 'Look, fellows, I work in a topless bar as a dancer, so nothing shocks me anymore. If any of you want to smoke cigars, have a beer, bet, swear, tell off-color stories or do anything that you normally do when playing a round together, go ahead. But, I enjoy playing golf, consider myself pretty good at it, so don't try to coach me on how to play my shots.' With that the guys agreed to relax and invited her to drive first. All eyes were fastened on her shapely behind as she bent to place her ball on the tee. She then took her driver and hit the ball 270 yards down the middle, right in front of the green. The father's mouth was agape. 'That was beautiful,' he said. The blonde put her driver away and said, 'I really didn't get into it, and I faded it a little.' After the three guys hit their drives and their second shots, the blonde took out an eight iron and lofted the ball within five feet of the hole. (She was closest to the pin.) The son said, 'Damn, lady, you played that perfectly.' The blonde frowned and said, 'It was a little weak, but even an easy seven would have been too much club. I've left a tricky little putt.' She then tapped in the five-footer for a birdie. Having the honors, she drove first on the second hole, knocked the heck out of the ball, and it landed nearly 300 yards away smack in the middle of the fairway. For the rest of the round the statuesque blonde continued to amaze the guys, quietly and methodically shooting for par or less on every hole. When they arrived at the 18th green, the blond was three under par, and had a very nasty 12-foot putt on an undulating green for a par. She turned to the three guys and said, 'I really want to thank you all for not acting like a bunch of chauvinists and telling me what club to use or how to play a shot, but I need this putt for a 69 and I'd really like to break 70 on this course. If any one of you can tell me how to make par on this hole I'll take him back to my apartment, pour some 35-year-old Single Malt Strath Mill Scotch in him, fix him a steak dinner and then show him a very good time the rest of the night.' The yuppie son jumped at the thought! He strolled across the green, carefully eyeing the line of the putt and finally said, 'Honey, aim about 6 inches to the right of the hole and hit it firm. It will get over that little hump and break right into the cup.' The father knelt down and sighted the putt using his putter as a plumb. 'Don't listen to the kid, darlin', you want to hit it softly 10 inches to the right and let it run left down that little hogback, so it falls into the cup.' The old gray-haired grandfather walked over to the blonde's ball, picked it up and handed it to her and said, 'That's a gimme, sweetheart.' The blonde smiled and said, 'Your car or mine?'
A woman has a baby and is very tired after an extremely long labour and falls asleep. When she wakes up, she sees the the nurse, bouncing her baby up and down like a basket ball. "Oh my god," she exclaimed, "My baby, my baby! What are you doing with my baby?" "Oh it's OK my dear," said the nurse in a reassuring voice, "It's dead anyway."
One Eyed Redhead. A man was dining alone in a fancy restaurant and there was a gorgeous redhead sitting at the next table. He had been checking her out since he sat down, but lacked the nerve to talk with her. Suddenly she sneezed, and her glass eye came flying out of its socket towards the man. He reflexively reached out, grabbed it out of the air, and handed it back. 'Oh my, I am so sorry,' the woman said, as she popped her eye back in place. 'Let me buy your dinner to make it up to you' They enjoyed a wonderful dinner together, and afterwards they went to the theatre followed by drinks. They talked, they laughed, she shared her deepest dreams and he shared his. She listened to him with interest. After paying for everything, she asked him if he would like to come to her place for a nightcap and stay for breakfast. They had a wonderful, wonderful time. The next morning, she cooked a gourmet meal with all the trimmings. The guy was amazed. Everything had been so incredible! 'You know,' he said, 'you are the perfect woman. Are you this nice to every guy you meet?' 'No,' she replies. . ..... *Wait for it ..... .....* *It's coming ...... ......* *She said .... ......:* 'You just happened to catch my eye.'
REQUEST: Jokes about Illustrators or Illustration (Design jokes might work too?) Please help me out, Reddit! I'm having a big publicising nightmare where big design magazines are asking me a lot of different questions about being an Illustrator. Their final question is if I know any good jokes about Illustrators and I have absolutely none! Do any of you know any please?
Okay so I know this one joke which might be a bit offensive. Cracked me up though What's great about fucking 22 year olds'?
So this plane is flying over the atlantic. So this plane is flying over the Atlantic Ocean. The captain comes over the loudspeaker and says, "One of our engines is malfunctioning but we should still make it to our destination just a little late.". 30 minutes and everyone hears a loud BOOM. The passengers get nervous and start looking at each other. The captain comes over the loudspeaker again, "We uh... have a problem. Another engines has gone out and we won't have enough fuel to make it. We've dumped our luggage and now we have to make the unfortunate request to have some of our passengers jump out." The flight attendant pops the hatch. A well dressed gentleman goes to the hatch and proclaims in a British accent, "Remember the queen of England!" before jumping out. Next a large frenchman goes to the front and proclaims in a thick accent, "Remember le president!" before jumping out. Next a Texan moseys on up to the air lock and yells "REMEMBER THE ALAMO!" then he throws two Mexicans out the door.
The Penguin Joke So a police officer is parked by the side of the road. He sees a pickup truck drive by and it's full of penguins. The officer flips his siren on and pulls the truck over. He approaches the window and asks the man, "Sir, what are you doing with these penguins?" "Well they're my pets, officer," the man replies. "I'm afraid you'll have to take these animals to the zoo," the officer says, and leaves. The next day, the police officer is parked in the same spot. He sees the same truck drive by. Now all the penguins are wearing sunglasses. He flips the siren on and pulls the truck over. Upon reaching the window he says, "Sir, I told you to take these animals to the zoo." "Yes officer, I did," replies the man. "And today I'm taking them to the beach."
I slept like a baby last night... I woke up every 15 minutes and then shat myself
Why did the scarecrow earn a promotion? Because it was outstanding in its field
A professor started class by telling this one... (NSFW?) A boy was visiting his grandparents for the weekend. As he was playing he saw grandpa walk in with a cigarette. "Can I have a cigarette?" the boy asked. "Can your penis reach your anus?" Said grandpa. "No" said the boy. "Well when your penis can reach your anus you can have a cigarette." The next day the boy saw his grandpa drinking a beer. "Can I have a beer too?" asked the boy. "Can your penis reach your anus?" Asked grandpa. "No" "When your penis can reach your anus you can have a beer" Said Grandpa. Later Grandpa saw the boy walk in with a plate of cookies. "Can I have one?" Asked grandpa. "Can your penis reach your anus?" asked the boy. The grandpa got a smile on his face. "Why yes, yes it can." The boy replied, "Well then go fuck yourself, grandma made these cookies for me."
What do you call a potato with one oar? A row-tater.
If towels told jokes... They'd probably have a very dry sense of humor.
Mexican &amp; Black jokes are all the same, once you've heard Jaun, you've heard Jamal.
What's better than winning gold at the special Olympics? Walking
My "99 Problems" Parody If you're having computer problems I feel sorry for you son, he's got 99 viruses and AIDS aint one. If you're having car problems I feel sorry for you son, I've got 99 Ferraris and a Ford aint one. If you're having girl problems I feel sorry for you son, I got 99 women and a dyke aint one. If you're having heatstroke I feel sorry for you son, it's 99 degrees out and he wishes it were 1. If you can't win at football I feel sorry for you son, I got 99 yards cus that bitch can run. If you're having school problems I feel sorry for you son, I got a 99 on my test and you scored a 1. If you're having bowel problems I feel sorry for you son, he shits 99 times cus he's got the runs.
A smoker, an alcoholic, and a gay guy go see a psychiatrist... The smoker says, "This filthy habit is ruining my life. My wife hates it, my kids hate it, my grandpa died from it, I just want to quit!" The alcoholic says,"Alcohol has ruined every relationship I have ever had, I can't even hold down a job, I need to get off the bottle." The gay guy says, "Ever since I came out, I have lost so many friends, even my family treats me differently. I just want things to back the way they were." The psychiatrist hands each of them a pill telling them that it is an instant cure, they each gobble them down without thinking twice. The psychiatrist then says, "The only thing is, if you ever has a smoke again, or if you have another drink again, or if you have any sexual contact with another man again, you will drop dead." Afterwards, the three of them went to a restaurant, chilled by what the psychiatrist had just told them. "I can't take this anymore, I need a drink!" The alcoholic goes up to the bar and slams down a shot. Drops dead. The smoker and the gay guy look at each other in shock. The smoker says, "Oh God this is real, I need some fresh air." They go outside and on the table there is an ashtray which has half of a cigarette, still smoldering. The gay guy looks at the smoker and says, "If you bend over to pick up that cigarette, we're both dead.
Why does the Pirate Wear Camouflage Underwear? To hide his booty.
SEX TIP!!!! If you want to meet new women, stand outside a sex change clinic!
Did you hear about the man who hid in the refrigerator? He thought he would be cool.
A Blonde Goes to the Bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the Loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and Needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Mercedes Benz. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank, she has the title and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blond for using a $110,000 Benz as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then proceeds to drive the Benz into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is, why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blonde replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my Car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
This is more for the ladies.... But none the less, I had a good laugh. A woman and her boyfriend are out having a few drinks. While they're sitting there having a good time together, she starts talking about this really great new drink. The more she talks about it, the more excited she gets, and starts trying to talk her boyfriend into having one. After a while he gives in and lets her order the drink for him. The bartender brings the drink and puts the following items on the bar: 1 A salt shaker, 2 A shot of Baileys, 3 A shot of lime juice. The boyfriend looks at the items quizzically and the woman explains. First you put a bit of the salt on your tongue, next you drink the shot of Baileys and hold it in your mouth, and finally you drink the lime juice.' So, the boyfriend, trying to go along and please her, goes for it. He puts the salt on his tongue........salty but OK. He drinks the shot of Baileys and holds it in his mouth........smooth, rich, cool, very pleasant. He thinks........this is OK. Finally he picks up the lime juice and drinks it. 1. In one second the sharp lime taste hits... 2. At two seconds the Baileys curdles..... 3. At three seconds the salty, curdled taste &amp; mucous-like consistency hits..... 4. At four seconds it feels as if he has a mouth full of nasty snot. This triggers his gag reflex, but being manly, and not wanting to disappoint his girlfriend, he swallows the now foul tasting drink. When he finally chokes it down he turns to his girlfriend, and says, Jesus what do you call that drink?' She smiles widely at him and says, 'Blow Job Revenge.'
What did the right nut say to the left nut? This guy in the middle thinks he's hard!
So there's these two bulls... (NSFW) An old bull and a young bull are standing on a hill looking down at a herd of cows in the field below them. The young bull says, "Hey, let's run down this hill and fuck one of those cows!" The old bull says, "No, young one, let us WALK down the hill and fuck 'em all." ^Advice from my dad in the form of a joke.
Where does a fish keep it's money? The river bank.
What do you call the slimy stuff between dinosaurs' toes? Slow cavemen.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the ref was blowing fowls.
Only 3 inch's -A guy went to a brothel and he said for the first girl " I have 3 inch penis" . -she said "Ew.. that gross". -He went for another girl and said " I have 3 inch penis" . -She looked disgusted and said "And you call yourself a man". -He went for the last girl in the brothel and said " I have 3 inch penis" . -The girl thought for moment and said "A girl gotta make a living..follow me to the bedroom" -After while the girls heard screams of lust coming from the bedroom and the girl came out from the room totally exhausted and limping , One of them said "What the Fuck happened , he only have 3 inch penis" the girl replied "The Son of bitch measured it by the width ". *This is a Egyptian Joke and I tried to translate literally "
The customer is always right :) So a guy is walking around in a recently built, mostly vacant shopping complex and notices that one of the shops on his line is open. He walks in and finds 2 guys at the counter and inquires as to what they are selling. One of the guys decides to be smart and says: "We're selling ass holes". To which the passer by replies : "business must be good, there's only 2 of you left".
The Captain A long time ago there was this captain on his boat with his crew, sailing the high seas when they spotted a pirate ship. Before the battle began, the captain shouted, "Bring me my red shirt!" It was a long fight but the captain and his men were victorious. The next day three pirate ships appeared. The captain cried, "Bring me my red shirt!" and they proceeded to defeat the three pirate ships. Later on, as the crew was resting and tending to their wounds, an ensign asked the captain why he always wore that red shirt. The captain replied "I wear the red shirt so that if I'm wounded, no one will see the blood. That way everyone will continue to fight on unafraid." The crew was moved by this great display of courage. The next day, ten pirate ships were spotted. The men looked to their captain, waiting for his command. Calm as ever, the captain cried out, "Bring me my brown pants."
Three old ladies ;) One day three old ladies were sitting on a park bench and this guy jumped out of the bushes and flashed them. The first lady had a stroke, the second one had a stroke, and the third one's arm was too short to reach.
Read the punchline out loud. I first heard this in high school, not sure how well it translates to print. Poor Tom. When he was seven, he lost his left eye in a tragic accident. Being from a poor family, the only replacement they could afford was a wooden eye. When he was seventeen, three weeks before the prom, he was still dateless. He decided to work up the courage to ask someone, but he knew he has limits. He set his eye of Amy, a girl in his class, who spoke with a lisp. He walked up to her at lunch, while she was surrounded by her friends, and he managed to stammer out a quiet "willyougotothepromwithme?" "Whath that? I can't hear what you're thaying." "Will you go to the prom? With me?" he answered, a little louder. Amy smiled. She never thought anyone would ask her! "Go with you? Would I? Would I?" "LISP LISP LISP!"
A blonde is walking down the street with a pig on a leash. Someone approaches and says, "Cool! Where did you get that?" The pig replies, "I won her in a raffle."
Why was the Polaroid fanfiction ignored by the photography community? Because it wasn't Canon.
Star Wars Joke. How many stormtroopers does it take to change a glowpanel? 2. One to change it, and another to shoot him and take the credit.
The good pastor One day Pastor Flaps was walking past the pub when he saw, through the window, one of his congregation sitting at the bar drinking whiskey. Not wanting any of his flock to be part-taking in this evil pass-time he rushed in shouting, "Mary, Mary put that down and you are coming home with me." So Mary drops the glass and staggers to her feet but looses her balance and falls into Pastor Flaps, sending him flying too, as he was just a small wee man. Anyways Mary ends up lying on top of the Pastor, skirt up around her neck and passes out drunk. When the bar man, who was in another room, comes in to see what all the noise was about and sees Mary on top of the Pastor on the ground he comes to the wrong conclusion and shouts "Hey stop now and get up!!! There will be no sex in this Pub". To which the priest says "You don't understand, I am Pastor Flaps" so the barman gives up and replies "Ah well if you're that far in you might as well keep going!!!"
Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are 50 cents but deer nuts are under a buck.
Skippy A woman goes to her boyfriend's parents' house for dinner. This is to be her first time meeting the family and she is very nervous. They all sit down and begin eating a fine meal. The woman is beginning to feel a little discomfort, thanks to her nervousness and the broccoli casserole. The gas pains are almost making her eyes water. Left with no other choice, she decides to relieve herself a bit ...and lets out a dainty fart. It wasn't loud, but everyone at the table heard the pouf. Before she even had a chance to be embarrassed, her boyfriend's father looked over at the dog that had been snoozing at the woman's feet and said in a rather stern voice, "Skippy!". The woman thought, "This is great!" and a big smile came across her face. A couple of minutes later, she was beginning to feel the pain again. This time, she didn't even hesitate. She let a much louder and longer fart rip. The father again looked and the dog and yelled, "Dammit Skippy!" Once again the woman smiled and thought "Yes!". A few minutes later the woman had to let another one rip. This time she didn't even think about it. She ripped a fart that rivaled a train whistle blowing! Once again, the father looked at the dog with disgust and yelled, "Dammit Skippy, get away from her before she shits on you!"
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring nickelback
Two Men Are In A Farm And they come across a donkey and one man says to the other " I bet you fifty dollars I can make that donkey laugh!" The other says "you're on!" The man goes to the donkey and in less than 30 seconds the donkey is laughing hysterically. Then he goes back to his friend and says "pay up!" the friend pays him and the other guy says "I bet you another $50 I can make him cry!" "All right then" replies the other. The man goes back to the donkey and and soon after the donkey is crying his eyes out. The other man shocked in amazement asks "how did you do that!?" "it's simple first I told him my dick is bigger than his" other says "ok I guess thats funny, but how did you make him cry?" "oh thats simple I showed it to him!"
What do you call fake spaghetti? An *imposta.*
Penguin Joke Two penguins are sitting on an ice float. One says,"It looks like you're wearing a tuxedo." The other replies, "What makes you think I'm not?"
Bubba and the bedpost whacking One weekend, the husband is in the bathroom shaving when the kid he hired to mow his lawn, a local kid named Bubba, comes in to pee. The husband slyly looks over and is shocked at how immensely endowed Bubba is. He can't help himself, and asks Bubba what his secret is. "Well," says Bubba, "every night before I climb into bed with a girl, I whack my penis on the bedpost three times. It works, and it sure impresses the girls!" The husband was excited at this easy suggestion and decided to try it that very night. So before climbing into bed with his wife, he took out his penis and whacked it three times on the bedpost. His wife, half-asleep, said, "Bubba? Is that you?"
So a scrawny white guy gets sent to prison [nsfw] It's his first day on the inside and he gets his cell assigned to him and he meets his new bunk mate who just happens to be a large muscular black man. The white guy, being white, says "I know what kind of stuff goes down in prison and I just want to be clear on what kind of cell mates we're going to be, just so there are no surprises." The black man says "well that's fair enough, since you asked I'll let you choose, do you want to be the husband or the wife when we get it on?" The white guy considers his options carefully, weighing the pros and cons of each, and decides the best decision is to stick with what he knows and he replies "I'll be the husband". the black man replies, "alright, get ready to suck your new wife's dick!"
3 Construction Workers Three construction workers are working on the top of a skyscraper: a Mexican, an Italian, and an Irishman. The lunch whistle blows and so they sit down on an exposed beam overlooking the city to eat. The Mexican opens his lunchbox and finds a burrito. "Another burrito? Everyday my wife packs me a burrito- I'm sick of it. If I get a burrito one more time I'm jumping." Then the Italian opens his lunch. "Spaghetti? Everyday I get spaghetti. I'm sick and tired of it. If I get spaghetti one more time I'm jumping." Then the Irishman opens his lunch. "Corned beef and cabbage?? I get this every single day. If I get corned beef and cabbage one more time I'm jumping with you guys." The next day rolls around and they're all sitting on the skyscraper ready for lunch. The Mexican opens his lunch first- it's a burrito. He jumps. Then the Italian opens his lunch and it's spaghetti again. He jumps. Finally the Irishman opens his lunch and finds corned beef and cabbage- he jumps too. A couple of days later everyone is at the funeral for the men. The Mexican's wife is beyond grief. "If only he would have told me! I could have made him a taco or something..." The Italian's wife is in the same state. "If only I had known... Why didn't he tell me??" They look over to the Irishman's wife, who's just standing there with her arms crossed looking at the grave. They ask her, "What's the matter, don't you feel the least bit guilty?" She turns to them and says, "Don't look at me- he packed his own lunch."
Penguins, 20 Euros A man had been enjoying Amsterdam and was down to his last 20 euros. Wandering the streets he spies a sign, "Penguins 20 Euros" "Hell yeah! I'm going to get a penguin!" He walks in and says he would like the penguin for 20 euros. He is led upstairs into a room with the most beautiful woman ever. She rips down his pants and begins giving him the best blow job of his life. Just as he is about to climax she gets up and runs out of the room. He chases after with his pants around his ankles yelling "Hey! Where's my penguin?!?"
Little boy walks by a farmer Little boy goes walking by a farmer carrying some chicken wire. "whatcha doin with that chickenwire?" Says the farmer. "gonna catch me some chickens!" Says the little boy. "you can't catch chickens with chickenwire." Says the farmer. The little boy just walks on. At sunset the little boy comes back with a cage full of chickens. The farmer is amazed. The next day, the little boy walks by with a roll a duct tape. "whatcha doin with that duct tape?" Asks the farmer. "gonna catch me some ducks." Replies the boy. "can't catch ducks with duct tape!" Says the farmer. Little boy just walks on. At sunset the little boy comes back with ducks all tangled up in the duct tape. The wheat falls from the farmer's mouth. The next day the little boy comes walking by with a pussy willow. The farmer just follows him.
Why was William Henry Harrison's inaugural address so memorable? He had a killer final draft.
Did you hear about the football player who went to jail? He went in a tight end and came out a wide receiver.
My Favorite Latvian Joke One day, hear knock on door. Man ask "Who is?" "Is potato man. I come around to give free potato." Man is very excite and opens door. Is not potato man, is secret police.
A dickhead is talking to an asshole When suddenly they yell "OH SHIT!"
What did the leper say to the hooker? You can keep the tip.
A priest, a pedophile and a rapist walk into a bar... He orders a beer.
How many Carpathians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know, Vigo and see. (best read in Yanosh's voice)
Why didn't the shrimp share his treasure? He was a little shellfish.
I once saw a slice of toast in a zoo. It was bread in captivity.
The generals' stroll Two generals are walking through a military base when they notice a pile of dog shit in front of them. They stop, examining it ponderously and begin to debate. The debate stretches on and on until the taller and thinner of the two calls out to a nearby soldier: "I say, private! Tell us what this looks like to you." The private is confused but knows better than to ask and simply replies: "Looks like dog shit, sir." This sets the general's debate into motion again and they argue with renewed vigour until the fatter general turns to the private and asks: "Private, what does this smell like to you?" The private, knowing better than to ignore a general's question, leans over and tries to keep his nose from wrinkling as he inhales deeply over the steaming pile of excrement. "Smells like dog shit, sir." This sets the generals off once again, and the fat general begins to gesticulate while the thin one simply stands and shakes his head. The private sees which way this is going for him and tries to slip away while the generals are in particularly heated debate, but before he can he hears the thin general's voice. "One more thing, private. Taste it for us and tell us what you think." Well, no escaping it now, thinks the private, and as he gets down on all fours to approach the turd he repeats to himself over and over that it's either this small discomfort or the end of his military career. With his eyes closed and sphincter clenched, he licks the shit and barely avoids vomiting. But he gets up and reports: "Tastes like dog shit, sir." "I see," replies the thin general, "so it looks like dog shit, smells like dog shit..." "Tastes like dog shit too!" interjects the fat general. "Yes, yes, tastes like dog shit. So I guess... it *is* dog shit" "Huh," replies the other, "Good thing we didn't step in it."
What did one dehydrated French man say to the other? What are we going to do now, Pierre?
It's Friday you Greek prick So a Chinese bloke and a Greek had take-away shops next door to each other in a fairly busy area, so it was imperative that they got there early and open their shops in order to be ready for the morning breakfast rush. Every Friday morning, the Greek would ask the Chinaman what day it is. "It's *flyday* you *Gleek Plick*" was the response every time. Much to the Greek's amusement, the Chinaman continually ruined the pronunciation of the sentence. After a few weeks had passed, the Greek had gotten fed up that the Chinaman hadn't actually improved his English at all, where the Greek had tried very hard and paid for classes so that he may better his English. "What day is it today, Chinaman?" asked the Greek, getting very frustrated, "IT'S "*FLYDAY* YOU *GLEEK PLICK*" replied the Chinaman, who was also fed up with the weekly taunting. The Greek, explodes and yells back at the Chinaman "R, ARRRR, IT'S PRONOUNCED *FRRRRRRRRRRRRRIDAY*. WHY CAN'T YOU GET IT? WHAT IS SO DAMN DIFFICULT?" The Chinaman, upset, walks back into his shop and for the next week practises the seemingly difficult letter to pronounce. The very next Friday, the Greek was waiting outside his shop for the Chinaman to arrive. Finally, he shows up and stares the Greek down. The Greek asks the question he'd waited all week to ask, "What day is it Mr. Chinaman?" The Chinaman cracks a smile and replies, "Its *frrrrrrrrrriday* you *gleek plick*".
Knock Knock Who's there? Eat mop
How does a streetwalker sing and give bj-s at the same time? She takes off her glass eye
A British engineer just started his own business in Afghanistan He's making land mines that look like prayer mats. It's doing well. He says prophets are going through the roof.
LPT: Always know what subreddit you are posting in
Why did the blonde crawl over the glass wall? Because she wanted to see whats on the other side.
Dishes A man is about to have dinner with his girlfriend's parents for the first time, and he wants to impress them. He had been thinking about buying a motorcycle for a while, and he sees an ad in the paper for a used one. He goes to look at it and its in beautiful shape. It runs well and the chrome is as shiny as if it were brand new. He tells the owner he will buy it under the condition that he teaches him the secret to taking care of it so well. The owner says "It's really easy. All I do is whenever it looks like its going to rain, I come out here and rub some vaseline on the chrome, that keeps it nice and shiny. I'll even throw in this bottle of vaseline for your troubles." The man is sold. That night, he pulls up into his girlfriend's house on the motorcycle. His girlfriend rushes out to meet him, and pulls him aside before they go in the house. "Listen," she says "theres something you need to know about the way my family eats dinner. We don't talk to each other. In fact, nobody says a word, and the first person to talk has to clean the dishes". The boyfriend thinks this is a little odd, but acknowledges it and follows her inside. When they get inside, the house is filled with what looks like decades worth of dirty dishes. They are piled high on bookshelves and on the stairs and in all the rooms of the house. They sit down and begin to eat. As his girlfriend warned him, none of them say a word, and just eat quietly, staring at their plates. As they're eating, the boyfriend thinks to himself "I could probably take advantage of this somehow" and begins frisking his girlfriend right at the dinner table in front of her parents. Neither of them say a word, for fear of having to do the dishes. He grabs his girlfriend and begins making out with her fiercely, again, in front of her parents, and neither of them say a word. He grabs his girlfriend, lays her out on the table, and has sex with her on top of it right in front of her parents. Neither of them say a word, for fear of having to do the dishes. Starting to get a little carried away now, the man grab's his girlfriend's mother, and has sex with *her* on top of the table, in front of her husband and daughter, who say nothing, not wanting to clean decades worth of dishes. Just as he finishes with the mother, he looks out the window and sees that it is about to rain. He stands up and reaches into his pocket and pulls out the bottle of vaseline. Just then, the father stands up and says "ALRIGHT ALRIGHT! I'll do the damn dishes!"
A friend of mine told me she worked as a prostitue for a while... I asked her if she'd ever been picked up by the fuzz. She hadn't, but she said she'd once been swung round by the tits.
Did you hear about the gay broom? Spent 10 years in the closet.
Barney Frank was dining with friends one night. A lady friend asked if she could taste some of his delicious-looking seafood, but Barney wasn't in a sharing mood. People who were there said it was shellfish.
Lance Armstrong...Optimist or Pessimist? So, Lance, do you see the scrotum as half-full, or do you see the scrotum as half-empty?
Why did the Chinese almost lose in Mulan? They had way to many chinks in their armor.
Help me find this joke The joke is about a farmer returning from town and the sheriff meets him and gives him this list of constantly escalating inner connected bad news terminating with the revelation that the farmer needs to get a new dog.
Do you? (X post from funny) There are 10 types of people on this planet, those who understand binary and those who don't. :)
A cartoonist died in his home... Details are sketchy.
How do you confuse a Jew? Put the bacon on sale for half-off.
What's the difference between Jesus and a bunch of Mexicans? Jesus doesn't have a bunch of Mexicans tattooed all over himself.
What is the greatest dilemma for a Jewish mother? She finds out her son is gay, but is dating a doctor.
True happiness Three men, an American, a Frenchman and a (Soviet) Russian are having a chat about real happiness. The American says, "I will tell you what real happiness is. It is a loving wife, well behaved kids and a steady job with good pay so I can afford a nice house, a big car and a big television to watch football. That is all I need to get real happiness." The Frenchman scoffs, "That is so boring and bourgeouis. Real happiness is having a lot of friends to drink fine wine with, and having lot of time to enjoy your life of leisure." The Russian takes a long swig of vodka, blinks and says, "My friends, you really don't know. Real happiness is waking up to find the KGB knocks on your door at 2AM." The American and the Frenchman are surprised. "What the heck do you mean? KGB at your door at 2 in the morning?" "Yes," says the Russian, "you open the door and the KGB says 'Vassili Alexandryev, you need to come with us right now.' and you say, ['sorry gentlemen, Vassili Alexandryev lives in the next-door flat.'](/spoiler) That is when you have true happiness."
A billionaire loses his penis in an industrial accident... While preparing for surgery, the Dr asks the Billionaire if he'd consider trying a new kind of penis-replacement surgery done that will enhance the size of his former self. Intrigued, the billionaire says "YES! By all means I want to be bigger!" So the Dr explains that there has been some recent tests on graphing a baby elephant's trunk to replace a human penis and the results have been pretty amazing. Excited about the possibility of having an extraordinary penis the size of an elephant's trunk, the billionaire quickly approves and agrees with this procedure. Several weeks after recovering and anxious for a chance to be out with his new larger self, the billionaire attends a huge banquet and sits across an amazingly beautiful young woman. As the silver dinner trays are delivered to the tables a tray of large baked potatoes is placed right in front of the billionaire as he winks slyly at the lovely lady across from him. Just then, the trunk reaches up on the table and grabs a baked potato and is quickly gone under the table. The young pretty woman is astonished. She says "Can you do that again?" The billionaire squeamishly says "Lady, I think I could do it again but I don't think my ass can fit another potato in it"
I made a shitty voodoo doll, once... ...and all the limbs fell off. Worked out for me, though.
An Old Lady at a Nursing home... An old lady in a nursing home is wheeling up and down the halls in her wheelchair making sounds like she's driving a car. As she's going down the hall an old man jumps out of a room and says, "Excuse me ma'am but you were speeding. Can I see your driver's license?" She digs around in her purse a little, pulls out a candy wrapper, and hands it to him. He looks it over, gives her a warning and sends her on her way. Up and down the halls she goes again. Again, the same old man jumps out of a room and says, "Excuse me ma'am but I saw you cross the center line back there." "Can I see your registration please?" She digs around in her purse a little, pulls out a store receipt and hands it to him. He looks it over, gives her another warning and sends her on her way. She zooms off again up and down the halls weaving all over. As she comes to the old man's room again he jumps out. This time, he's stark naked and has an erection! The old lady in the wheel chair looks up and says, "Oh no...... not the Breathalyzer again!"
A man and a woman were sitting beside each other in the first class section of an airplane.. ... The woman sneezed, took out a tissue, gently wiped her nose, then visibly shuddered for ten to fifteen seconds. The man went back to his reading. A few minutes later, the woman sneezed again, took a tissue, wiped her nose, then shuddered violently once more. Unable to restrain his curiosity, the man turned to the woman and said, "I couldn't help but notice that you've sneezed three times, wiped your nose and then shuddered violently. Are you OK?" "I am sorry if I disturbed you, I have a very rare medical condition; whenever I sneeze I have an orgasm." The man, more than a bit embarrassed, was still curious. "I have never heard of that condition before," he said. "Are you taking anything for it?" The woman nodded, "Pepper."
Why did they stop the leper hockey game? There was a face off in the corner.
Please help me with a punchline to: "How do you find an amish guy on the internet..." I've got nothin, but I feel like there could be something there. Any help is appreciated.
Did you hear the one about the amber alert? Neither did I, but should I allow the children out of my basement yet?
What do you call the largest angle? A Kurt Angle.
Best read in a Yorkshire accent. An old lady dies, and her husband has to decide an epitaph for her gravestone. Since she had been devoutly religious, giving her life to God, he asked for the inscription "She was Thine". At the funeral, he noticed the inscription was wrong, it said "She was Thin". He told the stonemason he'd missed the "e" off, and he promised to fix it. When the man returned to lay flowers a few days later, he saw the new inscription: "Eee, She was Thin"
The cold son stunner. A young boy wakes up in the middle of the night shivering from the cold and decides to walk down the hall to his parent's bedroom to sleep with them. On his way down the hall he begins to hear moaning from his parent's room. Frightened, he opens to the door to witness his parents having sex. The young boy runs back down the hall, into his room, and under the covers. The father quickly jumps up, gets dressed and goes to have a talk with his son. He explains, "It's okay son, me and mommy were just wrestling. Ya know, like the they do on TV." The next night, the mother is worried about the son sleeping and tells the father to go check on him. The father walks down the hall and begins to hear moaning coming from his son's room. He runs down the hall, kicks open the door, and sees his son having sex with his grandmother. The father says, "SON WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING!?!?". The son replies, "It's not so funny when it's your mother is it".
I like my men like I like my coffee. Ground up and in the freezer
Signs you drink too much coffee - You answer the door before people knock. - Juan Valdez named his donkey after you. - You ski uphill. - You grind your coffee beans in your mouth. - You haven't blinked since the last lunar eclipse. - You lick your coffeepot clean. - You're the employee of the month at the local coffeehouse and you don't even work there. - Your eyes stay open when you sneeze. - You chew on other people's fingernails. - Your T-shirt says, "Decaffeinated coffee is the devil's blend." - You can type sixty words per minute ... with your feet. - You can jump-start your car without cables. - Cocaine is a downer. - You don't need a hammer to pound nails. - Your only source of nutrition comes from "Sweet &amp; Low." - You don't sweat, you percolate. - You buy 1/2 &amp; 1/2 by the barrel. - You've worn out the handle on your favorite mug. - You go to AA meetings just for the free coffee. - You walk twenty miles on your treadmill before you realize it's not plugged in. - You forget to unwrap candy bars before eating them. - Charles Manson thinks you need to calm down. - You've built a miniature city out of little plastic stirrers. - People get dizzy just watching you. - You've worn the finish off your coffee table. - The Taster's Choice couple wants to adopt you. - Starbucks owns the mortgage on your house. - Your taste buds are so numb you could drink your lava lamp. - Instant coffee takes too long. - When someone says. "How are you?", you say, "Good to the last drop." - You want to be cremated just so you can spend the rest of eternity in a coffee can. - Your birthday is a national holiday in Brazil. - You're offended when people use the word "brew" to mean beer. - You have a picture of your coffee mug on your coffee mug. - You can thread a sewing machine, while it's running. - You can outlast the Energizer bunny. - You short out motion detectors. - You don't even wait for the water to boil anymore. - Your nervous twitch registers on the Richter scale. - You think being called a "drip" is a compliment. - You don't tan, you roast. - You can't even remember your second cup. - You help your dog chase its tail.
Dinosaurs naming their non-hetero children. What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass. What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotopuss.
A bagpiper As a bagpiper, I play many gigs. Recently I was asked by a funeraldirector to play at a graveside service for a homeless man. He had no family or friends, so the service was to be at a pauper's cemetery in the Wisconsin back country. As I was not familiar with the backwoods, I got lost and, being a typical man, I didn't stop for directions. I finally arrived an hour late and saw the funeral guy had evidently gone and the hearse was nowhere in sight. There were only the diggers and crew left and they were eating lunch. I felt badly and apologized to the men for being late. I went to the side of the grave and looked down and the vault lid was already in place. I didn't know what else to do, so I started to play. &gt;&gt; The workers put down their lunches and began to gather around. I played out my heart and soul for this man with no family and friends. I played like I've never played before for this homeless man. And as I played Amazing Grace, the workers began to weep. They wept, I wept, we all wept together. When I finished, I packed up my bagpipes and started for my car. Though my head hung low, my heart was full. &gt;&gt; As I opened the door to my car, I heard one of the workers say, "I never seen nothing like that before and I've been putting in septic tanks for twenty years."
What do you call a pile of cats? a Meowtain
Don't try to understand women. Women understand women and they hate each other.
What do you call a bus driver who helps old people and parents with children on and off the bus? A stand up driver.
Why are all Blackberry workers so bad at basketball? Because the always hit the RIM!
Roses Rose are red, Violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic And so am I
What's the difference between a Soap Opera and a Trailer Park? A Trailer park has much more interesting drama and less than a third of those pesky white teeth.
My Math Professor Told Us This Joke Today. A mathematician had a change of heart and decided to embark on a career change to become a fire fighter. He walks into a fire station, approaches the supervisor and demands to be hired. Even though there were positions open, the supervisor doesn't consider the mathematician very practical and decides to give him two tests before he hired the mathematician. The supervisor takes the mathematician to the back of the station and lights the dumpster on fire, saying "What do you do?" The mathematician immediately picks up a hose and puts the fire out. The supervisor now asks his final question, "Now that the dumpster is not on fire, what do you do?" The mathematician thinks and says "This problem can be reduced to a problem with a known solution." and lights the dumpster on fire.
What do you call a person that constantly hunts for karma? A predditor. EDIT: [I was listening to this song and had to take a shit; the lyrics were stuck in my head as a I was on the toilet browsing reddit. Lo and behold this joke came to mind; hope it made some one's day better (I'm a little drunk)](http://carbomb.bandcamp.com/track/the-seconds)
What do you call a homosexual in Iran after he's been outed? Low hanging fruit.
Statues in the park In a city park there are two statues facing each other, one of a man, the other of a woman, both naked. One day an angel comes down from heaven and says to them "You both have endured so many years in peaceful repose. As your reward, I will grant you an hour of life to do what you most desire." With a strum of his harp, the statues come to life. Without waiting a second the couple runs behind the nearest bushes. The angel waits patiently while the couple thrashes about and makes delighted cries of laughter. After a time, they come back to the angel, ready to return to their statue form. The angel says "But you still have half an hour left!" So the man turns to the woman and says ["Okay honey, this time you hold down the pigeons and I'll shit on them!"](/spoiler)
You ever heard the joke about the sandwich?.... ...I heard it was full of bologna
Where do people in Detroit get their groceries? They don't.
What did Bob Ross do after eating a fair of fickled feffers? He fainted.
What happens when you provoke an angry redhead? Ginger snaps.
What's the difference between Rihanna and Britney Spears? ... Britney asked to be hit one more time..
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it into the microwave until its Bill Withers.
What's a necrophilic pirate's favorite activity? Digging for booty.
Life is like chess... We can't all be white.
This is my dad's (a math major) favourite joke. What's the difference between an Engineer and a Mathematician? A mathematician and an engineer are living together in a dorm when a fire starts in their room. The mathematician wakes up and sees the fire. He quickly scans the room and sees a fire extinguisher and goes back to bed, happy knowing a solution exists. The engineer wakes up, sees the fire and uses the extinguisher to put it out.
Lourdes A wheel-chair bound chap decided to visit the healing waters of Lourdes. It was very crowded but he spotted a gap and went for it at such a pace that he ended up in the pool, wheel-chair and all. When they fished him out he was quite disappointed to find that he was still unable to walk, but found consolation in the fact that his wheel chair had a brand new set of tires.
The bear and the rabbit A bear and a rabbit were walking together through the woods one day when the bear inquired of the rabbit, "Rabbit, do you mind having doody on your fur?" "Why no!", replied the rabbit. So the bear picked him up and wiped his butt with him.
A fine wine The Navajo woman accepted my offer of a lift to the reservation, but didn't seem inclined to say much more. I noticed a look of ill-disguised disapproval as she got in the car, lingering for a moment on my exposed cleavage, but that was all  she gazed stonily ahead while the car pulled away, leaving a trail of hot Nevada dust in the rear view mirror. After a few failed attempts at small talk, and my knowledge of her culture exhausted, I kept quiet, and concentrated instead on the evening ahead: a quick bath before Jim returned from work, followed by a dinner with Michael, his boss, at Bon Vivant, the new French restaurant. The Navajo woman eyed the silk-wrapped bottle of expensive Cabernet Sauvignon I'd bought, as it rattled gently on the dashboard, and said, 'What is in parcel?' Though a bit surprised by her directness, I was pleased at the conversation, and I replied, 'A bottle of wine  I got it for my husband.' She nodded thoughtfully, seeming to approve, and then replied, 'A good trade.'
What do you call a muslim crocodile? An Allahgator!
Since there have been a few math jokes lately... Q1. What do you get if you cross a mountain lion with a mountain goat? A1. ||mountain lion|| ||mountain goat|| sin  Q2. What do you get when you cross a mountain lion with a mountain climber? A2. You can't - the mountain climber is a scalar.
How do you make a hot dog stand? Take away its chair.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey... ...but then I turned myself around.
What is the difference between pile of dead babies and pile of sand? I don't eat sand.
What does an atheist yell during sex? Oh, nothing!
Dam's biggest dilemma... Dammed if I do, damned if I don't.
Man runs over a cat Yesterday the lady next door received a buzz from the front door. When she opened the door there was a man there. With a saddened look the man says "Lady, I'm terribly sorry, I just ran over your cat." Without hesitation the man tells the lady that he would like to replace the cat. The lady looks up at the man and replies "Thats all right with me, but how are you at catching mice?"
Why did the python return his pants? They were too constricting.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands!
Three Woodcutters &amp; The Whorehouse Three woodcutters were finishing up a hard, four-month stint in the forest. They had not seen or heard anything other than the trees and the sound of their axes that entire time. They packed up, and headed to the nearest town. After getting sufficiently drunk, they decided to visit the town brothel. Upon entering, the madam became nervous at the sight of the three men because she had only two girls working that night. She thought on her feet, and decided to bed the drunkest looking woodcutter with a blow-up doll. After all was done they met downstairs to compare notes. The drunkest woodcutter said: "She was okay at first, but a little too quiet. So I bit her nipple, then she let out a huge fart and flew out the window."
The Bro Code A woman tells her husband that she is going to the bar with her friends. That night, she does not come home. When she finally comes home the next morning, she tells her husband that she spent the night at a friend's house. The husband, suspicious of his wife, calls her 10 closest friends.. None of them know what he is talking about. The next night, the husband tells his wife that he is going to the bar with his friends. That night, he does not come home. When he comes home, he tells his wife that he spent the night at his friend's house. The wife, suspicious of her husband, calls his 10 closest friends. Eight of them confirmed his story and two claimed that he was still there.
My Favorite Math Joke An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one tells the bartender he wants a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a fourth of a beer. The bartender puts two beers on the bar and says "You guys need to learn your limits."
A Doctor Joke As she laid there next to me starting to sleep I said to myself, "Nick, I'm sure you aren't the only doctor to sleep with their patient. But then another voice told me, "Nick, you are a veterinarian."
What do you call presents after you've opened them? Pasts
What did the grape say when an elephant stepped on him? Nothing, he just let out a little wine.
what's the square root of 69? ate something.
Now a joke for all you psychics on reddit.
My dad just told me this one, he is one of the funnier people I know One day, a little boy was walking to the store with his mother and saw a man with bowed legs. He exclaimed "Mom! Look! That guy has bowed legs!" His mom promptly slaps him and says "Don't say that, it's rude." A few days later the boy and his mom are out again. The boy sees another bow-legged man and yells to his mom, "Mom! Look! That guy has really bowed legs!" Again the mother slaps him and says "That is rude, if you do that again you'll have to read Shakespeare for a month." The boy hadn't been rude for months, so his mother took him again to the store. Having forgotten about his mom's decree, the boy points out a bow-legged man: "Mom! Look! That guy has the most bowed legs ever!" His mom says: "Well that's it, you'll be reading Shakespeare for the next month." For a month the boy reads Shakespeare. At the end of the month, his mom says to him, "Well you've been reading for a month now, did you learn your lesson?" "Yes" says the boy, "Can we go to the store again?" The boy and the mother head over to the store, when lo and behold, several bow-legged men walk by. The boy having apparently not learned his lesson points at the men and yells to his mom: "Hark, what manner of men are these who walk with their balls in parentheses?"
So two Jewish guys are walking when... ...one notices a sign on a Catholic church that says "Convert to Christianity, and we'll give you $100." The one says to the other, "Should we do it??" The other says "NO!! Are you crazy?" The first guy replies "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars... I'm gonna do it." So he walks in to the church, and little while later, he walks back out. The friend says "Well, did you get the money?" He replies "Oh that's all you people think about, isn't it??"
Why did I divide sin by tan? just cos.
Is this a little too proper for r/jokes? One going to see a Friend who had lain a considerable Time in the Marshalsea Prison, in a starving Condition, was persuading him, rather than lie there in that miserable Case, to go to Sea; which not agreeing with his high Spirit, *I thank you for your Advice*, replies the Prisoner, *but if I go to Sea, I'm resolv'd it shall be upon good Ground.* via [r/proper Joe Miller's Jests](http://www.reddit.com/r/proper/comments/16vd6r/for_the_proper_gentleman_or_lady_who_enjoys_a/)
What do you call an Indonesian shoe factory that just had air conditioning installed? A sweatstop.
Economist joke, the only one I know and it's lovely An Economist, a Chemist, and a Physicist are shipwrecked on an island with little food and water. Some canned food washes up and boy are they happy to see it, however, they are pretty upset that they don't have a can opener. The Chemist says, 'hey you know, there are all sorts of chemicals and shit around here, I can pack them all around the can and put it in the sun, everything will heat up, and the top will pop off'. So he tries that and of course it doesn't work. The Physicist says, 'Well that was a waste. I've been doing some math in the sand over here, and if I climb that tree back there, and throw the can at that rock over there with the correct force and angle, I can pop the top off the can'. So he climbs the tree and tosses the can down and it just rolls around. Finally, the Economist says, 'You idiots, we just need to *assume* that we have a can opener'.
We are the sand. The wind will blow us. The ocean will beat us. Life is a beach.
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip? ...To get to the same side
My grandfather's favorite joke Two men are sitting at a bar one night, Danny and Jacob. Danny looks over to Jake and says "My wife is gonna kill me; i'm drunk as a skunk", Jake says "Ah! you're fine have another beer!" So Danny has another beer, and he ends up puking all over himself. Danny says "Ah look at me, i gone thrown up all over myself, I'm drunk as a skunk, my wife is going to kill me!" Jake reaches over and stuffs some money in his shirt pocket and says, "Just tell her the guy next to you did that to you, and he even gave you some money for the dry cleaning." Danny thinks this is a great idea so he decides to go home and face his wife. She is there waiting for him, takes one looks at Danny and says "Danny! look at you! you're drunk as a skunk, and got sick on yourself!" Danny smiles and reaches into his pocket and says "Don't worry, the guy next to me did this to me... even gave me $10 for the dry cleaning" as he give the bill to her, she looks at it and says, "But Danny, this is $20" ... he says "Yea, and he shit in my pants too!"
What does toilet paper and the Star Trek Enterprise have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
What's worse than finding Astroglide on your Mom's shopping list? Finding an empty bottle in the trash.
What does a mathematics professor do when he is constipated? He works it out with a pencil.
The Easter Bunny, the Tooth Fairy and Manti's girlfriend walk into a bar... Rimshot!
Last month, I asked my dad if I could get a tattoo. He told me to get it somewhere that didn't matter, so I got it done in Oklahoma.
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
OK,where is it? This guy is checking out of his hotel when suddenly he has to take a shit real bad, so goes to the lobby men's room, but its closed for cleaning, Angry, so he runs back up to his room, and the maids are cleaning there. In desperation he finds an empty hall, uproots a plant and shits in the pot. Puts the plant back and leaves. Two weeks later he gets a postcard from that hotel saying "Dear sir ... all is forgiven, just tell us ... where did you hide it?"
Chemistry Joke Potassium and Oxygen went on a date. It was OK.
How do you get past trespassing laws? (Original Joke) Only cross in groups of two
Where do poor meatballs live? In the spaghetto.
Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells? Cause B-shells are too small, and D- shells are too big.
I forgot how to throw a boomerang And then it came back to me
Two guys walk into a bar... The first guy looks at the second guy and says... "You ever wonder why we always walk in together?"
I never did understand why the ball was getting bigger but then it hit me
Peyton Manning walks into a bar. ... to watch the Super Bowl.
An innovative new alternative to ironing your clothes Look shitty
TIL You can't have a crusade without... USA
Nuts nsfw What's nuts on the wall? Walnut What's nuts on a chest? Chestnut What's nuts on your chin? MY DICK IN YOUR MOUTH
Concerning math jokes What does a mathematician do when he gets a constipation? - He works it out with a pencil
Telegram A dog walked into a telegraph office and said, "Woof, woof... woof, woof, woof ... woof, woof, woof, woof!" The telegraph operator looked at the dog. "Do you know", said he, "If you add another woof' then the cost of the telegram will be cheaper?" The dog looked at the telegraph operator and answered, "But that wouldn't make sense now, would it?"
tits What does one saggy tit say to another saggy tit? "If we keep on sagging like this, they might think we're nuts!"
What do I get when I raise up a platform to play Mozart? Amadeus on my dais.
tribals are the best Three men are shipwrecked and captured by tribals . The tribe leader says you have dishonored our gods so we are gonna kill you but you can redeem yourself , go in the forest and bring 10 fruits of the same kind. The men quickly go in the forest in search of fruits. The first one being the quickest brings 10 apples and gives them to the tribe leader The tribe leader says ,"good now put them in your ass one by one , if you make any noise we will kill you " The man starts the seemingly impossible task he puts one in but while putting another he lets out a little squeal, the tribals instantly behead him then comes the second he brings 10 grapes and gives them to the tribe leader The tribe leader says ,"good now put them in your ass one by one , if you make any noise we will kill you " the man does what the tribal says and puts in grapes he reaches upto 8 but suddenly starts laughing the tribals behead him instantly later the first man asks the second man in heaven "why did u laugh??? u were almost there ". To which he replies " I saw the third man bringing watermelons "
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor? Wheres my tractor?
My Dad's Maths Joke: Why do programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween? Because Dec 25 is Oct 31 Edit: corrected because I'm a fucking tool
Have you tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they
Racist jokes my dad told me Whats the difference between a black guy and a pizza A pizza can feed a family
My favorite long joke Three men approached the gate to heaven and as there was only one opening left, the gatekeeper said that whoever had the most remarkable and worthy death could enter. He asked the first man how he died, and the man replied, 'Imagine this - I suspected my wife was having an affair behind my back and I wanted to find out the truth. I came home from work one day to surprise her and catch her in the act. When I searched the house I found her in the bathroom. The mirror was fogged and she had a towel on but her hair wasn't wet, so I knew she wasn't taking a shower. I looked all around the house to find the guy. I found ten fingers hanging onto the window sill outside. I pounded them until he finally let go. When he fell he landed in some bushes and God must have loved him because he lived, so I threw the refrigerator out the window to finish him off. After all the excitement I fell dead of a heart attack.' Then the gatekeeper asked the second man how he died. He replied, 'Imagine this - I'm minding my own business on top of my apartment building. I was riding one of those stationary bicycles when the screws gave out and I flew off the side. I reached out and caught a window sill, then some idiot started pounding on my fingertips. When I fell I landed in some bushes and God must have loved me because I lived. But then that same idiot threw his refrigerator out the window and it crushed me.' 'That, too, is horrible,' said the gate keeper. Then he asked the third man the same question. His reply was, 'OK, imagine this, I'm naked in a refrigerator...'
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
Cockpit duties Years ago on a long AA flight, an elderly lady asked if she could visit the cockpit.  When she got up there, she found four crewmen. She asked the first what he did, and he explained that he was the navigator and what his responsibilities were. She turned to next one and asked what he did. He explained that he was the engineer and his job was to monitor and troubleshoot any system problems to keep the flight operating smoothly. She turned to the next one and asked what he did. He explained that as the captain he was responsible for everything on the airplane and the functioning of the crew. She turned to the first officer and asked "Well young man, what is your job?" He replied "Ma'am, I am the captain's sexual advisor." Somewhat shocked, she said "I beg your pardon, but what do you mean by that?" "Very simple ma'am. The captain has told me that when he wants my fucking advice, he'll ask me."
Anyone got any good Elvis jokes? I'm the master of ceremony (as Elvis) for a Vegas-themed casino night. Thanks Reddit!
Me and a friend.. Walk into a pet store and the employee asks "Anything that I can help you find?" and then proceeded to kick us out. apparently dinner wasn't the right answer.
Jamaican Snowman What's a Jamaican snowman's favorite song? ...... Snowoman no cry.
Just a compilation of 10 corny jokes that still make me chuckle. 1. What was wrong with the wooden car with wooden wheels? It "wooden" go! 2. Why can't a dick be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot 3. A guy walks into the doctors office with a piece of lettuce hanging out of his ass. The doc takes one look and he says, "It looks like we have one hell of a problem here!" The guy responds "yea, and this is just the tip of the iceberg!" 4. I went to the zoo the other day. This zoo only had one dog. It was a shitzu. 5.How did Hitler tie his shoesies? In little Nazi's 6.If Al gore was a musician his album would be titled "Algorithms" 7.Sex while camping- It's intense! 8.How do Native Americans store their energy? In ATP! 9.What's 10 inches long, pink and slippery? A slipper. 10.What's blue and shaped like a square? An undercover orange.
A Jewish man goes to his rabbi for advice.. "Rabbi, my son is considering turning to Christianity. How may I help him?" The rabbi responds with "My friend, I too am having this problem. My son refuses to accept Judaism. Let us speak to the district clergy and seek advice together." The two approach the clergy, and speak to one of the representatives. They tell him of their issues, and the representative solemnly states, "Brothers, it is a sad time indeed. My two sons have as well turned to praying to Christ, abandoning Judaism." The clergy representative suggests the three Jews pray to God together, asking for their sons to become Jews again. Yet as they speak in their prayers, God says, "Oh man, tell me about it. My son..."
A joke my grandma told me at our last family reunion. Liz and Mary are working hard at their desks. Liz stands up and invites Mary to go outside for a cigarette. They go outside only to find it's pouring rain so badly it would be impossible to smoke. However, Mary pulls a condom out of her purse and puts it around her cigarette and proceeds to smoke. Liz, completely astonished, thought it was the most fantastic idea ever. So, after work, she goes to a pharmacy and asks for some condoms. The clerk says, "What size?" The lady responds, "Big enough to fit a camel."
Famous last words "with this snow, the road looks like a sidewalk!" Jimmy exclaimed, Famous last words...
I'm reading a book on Anti-Gravity... And it's impossible to put down.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a crowded bar brandishing a revolver yelling "Who's been screwing my wife?" A voice from the back of the bar shouts back, "You don't have enough ammo, mate!"
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? Because he conditioned it.
So I told a premature baby joke at an open mic night but I don't think the crowd liked it. Apparently it was too soon
What did Moses say when he wanted to see through his door? Let my peephole grow!
What is an aliens favorite keyboard key The space key
What do you say when you step on a snake? Well that bites.
A woman calls her lover over A woman invites her lover over while her husband is out of the house. The lover comes over and they have their fun, but before they finish they hear someone coming up the stairs. "Oh no," the wife says, "it's my husband! Quick, find somewhere to hide until I can get you home safely." She runs into the connected bathroom and turns on the shower. The lover manages to get his underwear on before noticing that the husband is about to enter; he sweeps the rest of his clothes under the bed and dives into the closet. The husband noticed some commotion going on as he entered the room, so he starts checking around to see what's going on. When he opens the closet he sees the lover there, rifling through some coats and mumbling to himself. "Uh, hello?" the husband asks. "What are you doing?" The lover turns around nonchalantly and says, "Oh, hello! You must be the man of the house. Your wife called me over to get rid of a moth infestation in your closet." "And you're doing this in your underwear?" the husband asks. The lover looks down at his body, jumps a little bit and says, "Damn, they work fast!"
A man walks into a bar and orders two drinks... A man walks into a bar and orders two drinks. As the bartender watches he drinks one drink and pours the other one on his hand. He orders two more drinks and does the same thing. The third time the bartender asks him what's going on. "Why are you pouring that drink on your hand "? The man smiles at him, winks and says "I'm trying to get my date drunk. "
What do mopeds and fat ladies have in common? They're both a great ride until someone sees you on one.
What do you call a german that can't see? A nazi.
Why do so many black people believe in God? Its the only father they will ever know.
Did you know that, during the first game of the 1936 baseball season, the Boston Braves managed to win while also badly injuring six players on the opposing team? They were truly ruthless.
Good animal joke A lost dog strays into a jungle. A lion sees this from a distance and says with caution "this guy looks edible, never seen his kind before". So the lion starts rushing towards the dog with menace. The dog notices and starts to panic but as he's about to run he sees some bones next to him and gets an idea and says loudly "mmm...that was some good lion meat!". The lion abruptly stops and says " woah! This guy seems tougher then he looks, I better leave while I can". Over by the tree top, a monkey witnessed everything. Evidently, the monkey realizes the he can benefit from this situation by telling the lion and getting something in return. So the monkey proceeds to tell the lion what really happened and the lion says angrily "get on my back, we'll get him together". So they start rushing back to the dog. The dog sees them and realized what happened and starts to panic even more. He then gets another idea and shouts "where the hell is that monkey! I told him to bring me another lion an hour ago..."
Adam and his cousin Billie went out to the mall together. While they were in the mall, they both ran into a cute girl named Jean. Both of them talked a bit to her, and both ended up with her number. Billie and Jean became good friends, and he even had a crush on her. However, his cousin Adam had her as a fuck buddy which Billie was unaware of. One night Jean texted Billie saying "Hey, I'm pregnant and it is your cousin's." Billie then bursts into Adam's room confronting him and expressing anger saying that he loved her. Adam turned to his cousin and said "Billie, Jean is not my lover, she's just a girl who claims that I am the one, but the kid is not my son."
I heard the catchiest joke yesterday... Women's softball.
Why was the London sperm bank so unsuccessful? The were only two donors. One came on the bus, the other missed the tube.
My girlfriend hates it when I sneak up on her... According to her lawyer, she also hates it when I call her my girlfriend.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a Sandy... A guy walks into a bar and orders a Sandy..I says to him, what the fuck is a Sandy? He says its a watered down Long Island. Too soon? Edit: you can substitute manhattan for Long Island
The Nun at Hooters A nun, badly needing to use the restroom, walked into a local Hooters. The place was hopping with music and loud conversation and every once in a while the lights would turn off.' Each time the lights would go out, the place would erupt into cheers. However, when the revelers saw the nun, the room went dead silent. She walked up to the bartender, and asked, May I please use the restroom? The bartender replied, OK, but I should warn you that there is a statue of a naked man in there wearing only a fig leaf.' Well, in that case, I'll just look the other way,' said the nun. So the bartender showed the nun to the back of the restaurant. After a few minutes, she came back out, and the whole place stopped just long enough to give the nun a loud round of applause. ! She went to the bartender and said, Sir, I don't understand. Why did they applaud for me just because I went to the restroom?' Well, now they know you're one of us,' said the bartender, Would you like a drink?' No thank you, but, I still don't understand,' said the puzzled nun. You see,' laughed the bartender, every time someone lifts the fig leaf on that statue, the lights go out. Now, how about that drink?'
3 Construction Workers Alanzo, Carlos and John are three construction workers are sitting on a high up beam of their nearly finished skyscrapers. Opening his lunchbox and seeing pasta, Alanzo curses, "I swear if my wife makes me pasta again, I will throw myself off this building." Carlos opens his lunchbox to see burritos, "I'm with you, I'm tired cold burritos everyday. If I see burritos again, I will jump." John opens his lunchbox, "I got bologna and cheese sandwich again. I will jump if I get this again. The next day, Alanzo, Carlos and John are sitting together, ready to open their lunches. Taking a deep breath, Alanzo opens his lunchbox and sees pasta.With a sigh, he stands up and throws himself off the skyscraper to his death. Carlos opens his lunch box to see a burrito. Wiping away a tear, he stands and throws himself to his death. John opens his lunchbox and finds bologna and cheese sandwich. He stands and throws himself off the beam. At the funeral, Alanzo's wife cries, "If I knew he was tired of my pasta, I would have never made it for him and he would never had jumped." Next to her, Carlos's wife is crying, "If I knew my Carlos didn't like my burritos, I would never had made them and he would never had jumped." Both women look at John's wife, "Well, don't look at me. He made his own lunch."
So four guys are driving in a car.. And suddenly the car stops. The first guy is a chemists and suggests it could be a chemical problem and that they may be out of gas, the second guy is an electrician and says he believes it could be something with the spark plugs and that they should check that, the third guy is a mechanic and says he thinks it could be the engine and that it needed to be looked at, the last guy is an IT worker and suggests that they all get out of the car, then back in, and shut the doors then try again.
What do you call a group of JD Salingers? A Humble Hindi Bundle.
A man walks into a bar with a giraffe... And says," Bartender! Get me a beer and one for my Giraffe as well!" so the two stand around drinking for hours until the Giraffe passes out on the floor. The man pays for him and the Giraffe and starts to leave when the bartender says," Hey! You can't leave that lyin' on the floor!" The man replies," That's not a lion, it's a Giraffe."
While George Bush was in office... he was informed of the death of three Brazilians in a plane crash. He replied 'Oh that's horrible, just awful....... How many's a brazilian?'
What's better than being up to your knees in beer? Being up to your nuts in cider.
My (second) favorite joke of all time (sorry if repost) So two guys are walking their dogs one day, one has a German Shepherd the other has a Chihuahua. They pass by a bar and the guy with the German Shepherd turns to the guy with the Chihuahua and asks if he wants to go in for a drink. The guy with the Chihuahua says, "You're crazy, they'll never let dogs into the bar." to which the guy with the German shepherd replies, "No no, watch this." He pulls out a pair of dark sunglasses, puts them on and walks into the bar, acting as if his German Shepherd is a seeing eye dog. He goes up to the counter, asks for a drink and the bartender gets it for him no problem. So the guy with the Chihuahua pulls out a pair of dark sunglasses, puts them on and walks in, acting like his Chihuahua is a seeing eye dog. The guy asks for a drink and the bartender replies, "I'm sorry sir there are no dogs allowed in this bar." "Hey man, it's a seeing eye dog, c'mon." The bartender looks skeptically down at the Chihuahua and asks, "A Chihuahua is a seeing eye dog?" The guy pauses for a second then exclaims, "Wait, they gave me a *Chihuahua?!?*"
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? That's not funny!
Statue A woman was in bed with her lover when she heard her husband opening the front door. "Hurry!" she said. "Stand in the corner." She quickly rubbed baby oil all over him and then she dusted him with talcum powder. "Don't move until I tell you to," she whispered. "Just pretend you're a statue." "What's this, Honey?" the husband inquired, as he entered the room. "Oh, it's just a statue," she replied nonchalantly. "The Smiths bought one for their bedroom. I liked it so much, I got one for us too." No more was said about the statue, not even later that night when they went to sleep. Around two in the morning, the husband got out of bed, went to the kitchen and returned a while later with a sandwich and a glass of milk. "Here," he said to the 'statue'., "Eat something. I stood like an idiot at the Smith's for three days and nobody offered me so much as a glass of water."
What does Batman like in his lemonade? Just ice.
Take it Like a Man "Take it like a man" is a phrase that means something completely different if one is hit in the crotch.
What do you say to a handicapped dog? "Stay"
Heaven getting too full. (worth the read) Three men were standing in line to get into heaven one day. Apparently it had been a pretty busy day, though, so Peter had to tell the first one, "Heaven's getting pretty close to full today, and I've been asked to admit only people who have had particularly horrible deaths. So what's your story?" So the first man replies: "Well, for a while I've suspected my wife has been cheating on me, so today I came home early to try to catch her red-handed. As I came into my 25th floor apartment, I could tell something was wrong, but all my searching around didn't reveal where this other guy could have been hiding. Finally, I went out to the balcony, and sure enough, there was this man hanging off the railing, 25 floors above ground! By now I was really mad, so I started beating on him and kicking him, but wouldn't you know it, he wouldn't fall off. So finally I went back into my apartment and got a hammer and starting hammering on his fingers. Of course, he couldn't stand that for long, so he let go and fell -- but even after 25 stories, he fell into the bushes, stunned but okay. I couldn't stand it anymore, so I ran into the kitchen, grabbed the fridge and threw it over the edge where it landed on him, killing him instantly. But all the stress and anger got to me, and I had a heart attack and died there on the balcony." "That sounds like a pretty bad day to me," said Peter, and let the man in. The second man comes up and Peter explains to him about heaven being full, and again asks for his story. "It's been a very strange day. You see, I live on the 26th floor of my apartment building, and every morning I do my exercises out on my balcony. Well, this morning I must have slipped or something, because I fell over the edge. But I got lucky, and caught the railing of the balcony on the floor below me. I knew I couldn't hang on for very long, when suddenly this man burst out onto the balcony. I thought for sure I was saved, when he started beating on me and kicking me. I held on the best I could until he ran into the apartment and grabbed a hammer and started pounding on my hands. Finally I just let go, but again I got lucky and fell into the bushes below, stunned but all right. Just when I was thinking I was going to be okay, this refrigerator comes falling out of the sky and crushes me instantly, and now I'm here." Once again, Peter had to concede that that sounded like a pretty horrible death. The third man came to the front of the line, and again Peter explained that heaven was full and asked for his story. "Picture this," says the third man, "I'm hiding inside a refrigerator..."
One time I wanted to get a job as a gynecologist.... Unfortunately, I couldn't find any openings.....
What kind of bear likes the rain? A drizzley bear.
Why do Australians suck at chess? Because they keep saying "checkmate" when the game's not over.
Tea? An American, an Englishman and an Irishman were having breakfast together with their wives. The American suddenly smiled and turned to his wife saying: "Would you please pass me the honey, Honey." The Englishman, not to be outdone, turned to his wife and said: "Please pass me the sugar, Sugar." The Irishman paused a while, then turned to his wife and said: "Pass me the tea, Bag."
Statue (childhood sex joke) A woman and her lover are smoking in bed after sex. She hears her husbands keys in the door and quickly tells her lover to get in the bathroom. Later she comes in the bathroom, and tells him, that he'll have to become an erotic statue, so her husband doesn't learn about it. She covers him head-to-toe with talcum powder making him look like a greek statue. Then, she tells her husband that the erotic statue she had bought. She adds that it truly was a handsoap dispenser, and it despensed soap through his penis. Her husband is dumb and buys into it, and really didn't want to touch a penis to test it, so the lover goes undiscovered. Later that night, they were having their neighbors over for dinner, and the handsoap dispensing erotic statue quickly became a topic of conversation. After dinner, her neighbor ladyfriend goes to the restroom and fifteen minutes later comes out and says: I think the handsoap dispenser doesn't work, I had to jerk it pretty hard for 10 minutes. The soap didn't foam, and I think I broke it.
what's the worst part about having sex with your pets? A week later they pretend they don't even know you.
Did you hear about the dyslexic racist? He hated gingers.
Ham radio sex talk A ham radio fan, was trying foreplay with his wife. He kept rubbing her nipples, and making radio sounds. She was not excited at all, just laying there. He softly asks: Why isn't the radio turning on? She says: You haven't plugged it in yet.
Three truck drivers at a bar Three truck drivers were sitting at a bar. The first two were all bandaged up, looking like they'd been in a train wreck. All three were depressed. The first guy says: All this was done to me by my wife, and I deserved it. After having sex last night, I forgot and left a couple hundred on the corner table. Seeing that, she got all pissed and started throwing me anything she could get her hands on. The second guy drinks his whiskey, sighs and says: yeah man, same happened to me. I left the money on the corner table, and she dragged me off to the balcony, and pushed me off the second floor. The third guy, doesn't have a scratch on him, but says: Guys, you're lucky. Be glad you have such wonderful wives. When I left $200 on the corner table, my wife gave me back $50.
Erect your ears for this one A woman asks her husband to start taking those pills that will help him achieve an erection. He agrees. The next day, she asks if he got the pills. "Picked 'em up today. Here you go honey," and tosses her a bottle of diet pills
What did Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common? They both had curds in their whey.
What's the difference between black people and cancer? The cancer evolves.
So there's a box of cheerios... Inside the box of cereal, it's like a cereal city, and there are three layers: 1. The top layer - this is the best place for the cheerios to live. All the best houses, the best cars, the best restaurants, etc, are in this part of the box. The ritziest cheerios live here, and everything is expensive and clean. There are no broken cheerios or cheerio dust here. It's just beautiful. 2. The middle layer - not nearly as nice as the top layer of the box, but still fairly nice. It has decent living and some good restaurants and stores, but not as fancy as the top layer. People still like it here, and it's basically just the middle class of the box. Most of the cheerios are intact, and it's fairly clean, although you do get some dust and broken pieces. 3. The bottom layer - definitely the worst layer to live it. A lot of the cheerios are broken, plenty of cheerio dust, and it's the dirstiest, most run-down place in the box. Cheerios do not like living in this part of the box. It's the ghetto part of the box. One day, two cheerios are living in the bottom layer of the box. They are utterly miserable, and just want to get out of the bottom layer. So, they devise a plan to get out of the bottom layer and get to the middle layer. They try the plan, and it fails, but they try it a few more times, and eventually get to the middle layer. So, they're living in the middle layer for a little while, and definitely enjoying it, but after a while they grow tired of their boring, average life, and think they can finally get to the top layer of the box. They make a plan, much like the one they made to escape from the bottom layer, and eventually get to the top layer of the box. Here, in the top layer of the box, they feel on top of the world! They're going to all the nicest restaurants, they have the nicest clothes, they spend their time with the best people. It's just heaven to them. They both are enjoying the best that life has to offer them, and they could not be happier. One night, after a long afternoon of enjoying themselves, they decide to sit down for a nice meal at one of the finest restaurants in the city. They walk in, and are immediately seated at a large table, with all of the finest silverware, a beautiful tablecloth, and ornate candles in the middle. The waiter comes over to introduce himself, and to give them their menus. As they look over the menu, they notice that there are no wine or drink lists whatsoever, and, of course being very thirsty from their long day, ask "What drinks do you offer." The waiter then replies "Oh, we don't have any drinks, except for punch. But to get some punch, you must wait in line." The waiter then leaves the table, and the cheerios, being very thirsty, look around the room for the place to get their punch. They search and search for it but eventually they realize: There is no punch line.
What's the difference between Martin Luther King Jr day and saint pattys day Everybody wants to be irish on saint pattys day.
In light of MLK day... African american culture has fought so hard not to have to sit at the back of the bus. But they still do anyway.
Jewish Elderly Couple On Vacation Bob and Sheila, and elderly Jewish couple were on their way to the Bahamas on vacation when, while at 36,000 ft they hear a large bang, then the plane loses a couple hundred feet. "What the hell was that?!" Sheila asks Bob. "I dont know, feels like we hit something", he replies. Then, a minute later, the captain comes on the monitor. "Attention everyone, I am sure you felt the bump a minute ago. We had an engine failure, causing damage to the wing and are now losing fuel. We are losing the other engine due to fuel loss. We are out of range of any airports to land. Please dont panic. We are going to need you to stay calm and remain seated as we may need your help while we prepare for an emergency water landing. We are going to put the plane down off the shore of a nearby island. To make matters worse, the engine failure caused an electrical problem and our radio and transponder arent working so ATC has no idea where we are. I will come back on shortly before we land. Thankyou for staying calm. We will do our best to get you down safely." Bob and Sheila looked at each other, concerned and held hands as they prepared for the worst. A few minutes went by, when the captain came back on just feet from the water, announcing for everyone to "BRACE! BRACE! BRACE!" A few seconds later, they were in the water. Then, everyone quickly activated emergency doors, slides, etc and exited the plane. Bob and Sheila boarded a life raft with a bunch of others and paddled to shore. When they got there, everyone prepared to make shelter, they all checked cell phones. Most were destroyed from getting wet, and even the ones that worked had no service. They were lost. "What do we do?" Sheila asked Bob. "I dont know, we may be here a long time." Then a look of absolute concern came over Bob's face. "Bob, what is it?" Sheila asked. Bob then asked, "Sheila, before we left, did you send our payment to Stars of David?" Sheila - "No". Bob - "How about the Jewish Council for Public Affairs?" Sheila - "No". Bob- "How about the Friends of Israel Disabled Veterans Association?" Sheila - "No". Bob then smiled, hugged Sheila and gave her a big sloppy kiss. Sheila - "What was that for?!" Bob - "We're saved! There's no way they wont find us!"
A man is dining in a fancy.... A man is dining in a fancy restaurant, and there is a gorgeous redhead sitting at the next table. He had been checking her out since he sat down, but lacked the nerve to talk with her. Suddenly she sneezes and her glass eye comes flying out of its socket towards the man. He reflexively reaches out, grabs it out of the air, and hands it back. "Oh my, I am so sorry," the woman says as she pops her eye back in place. "Let me buy you dessert to make it up to you. " They enjoy a wonderful dessert together, and afterwards, the woman invites him to the theater followed by drinks. After paying for everything, she asks him if he would like to come to her place and stay for breakfast the next morning. The next morning, she cooks a gourmet meal with all the trimmings. The guy is amazed! Everything has been incredible! "You know," he said, "you are the perfect woman. Are you this nice to every guy you meet? " "No," she replies, "you just happened to catch my eye. "
You've probably heard it before, but it is one of my favorites. Timmy came home from school one day, and his father told him he was sick, and asked if Timmy could go to doctor and get him some sick pills. So on the way to the doctor Timmy is saying "sick pills, sick pills, sick pills", he runs into a tree "sex pills, sex pills sex pills". Timmy arrives and the doctor and says "my dad needs some sex pills". With an arched eyebrow the doctor gives Timmy the sex pills for his father. The doctor tells Timmy to make sure he tells his father to take 4 every 20 hours, So Timmy is walking down the road saying "4 every 20 hours, 4 every 20 hours, 4 every 20 hours". He runs into a tree. "20 every 4 hours, 20 every 4 hours, 20 every 4 hours" He gets home and tells his dad to take 20 every 4 hours. The next day Timmy runs back to the doctor and, the doctor says how is your father? Timmy says "Well my mom is dead, my sister is pregnant, my butt hurts, and dad is on the roof saying here kitty, kitty"!
Did you hear Lance Armstrong lied The ball of some people
Tech Support USER: I can't get on the Internet. SUPPORT: Are you sure you used the right password? USER: Yes, I'm sure. I saw my colleague do it. SUPPORT: Can you tell me what the password was? USER: Five dots.
You know what's the only difference between Martin Luther King day and St. Patrick's day? Everybody wants to be Irish on St. Patrick's day.
What's the difference between a thief and a peeping Tom? Well, a thief snatches watches...
What is the dairy farmer's favorite exercise? Calf Raises.
Jane goes to buy a car... Jane went to buy a new car that she saw advertised for a certain price. After telling the salesman which car she wanted, they sat down to do the paperwork. The salesman handed Jane the bill, and she declared, "This isn't the price I saw!" The salesman went on to tell Jane how she was getting extras such as power brakes, power windows, special tires, etc. and that was what took the price up. Jane needed the car badly; she paid the price and went home. A few months later, the salesman called up Jane and said, "My son is in 4-H and he needs a cow for a project. Do you have any for sale?" Jane said, "Yes, we have a few cows, and we would sell for $500 apiece. Come look at them and take your pick." The salesman said he and his son would be right out. After spending a few hours in the field checking out all our cows, the two decided on one and the salesman proceeded to write out a check for $500. Jane said, "Now, wait a minute, that's not the final price of the cow. You're getting extras with it and you have to pay for that too." "What extras?" asked the salesman. Below is the list Jane gave the salesman for the final price of the cow.  Basic Cow  $500  Two tone exterior  $45  Extra stomach  $75  Product storing equipment  $60  Straw compartment  $120  4 Spigots @ $10 each  $40  Leather upholstery  $125  Dual horns  $45  Automatic fly swatter  $38  Fertilizer attachment  $185 Grand Total  $1,233
How many guys in the friendzone does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just stand around and compliment it, and then get pissed when it won't screw
A man calls his doctor late at night. "Doc! My arm got broke in two places! What should I do?!" The sleepy M.D replies, "Don't go back to either of them."
Cocksucking frog So, a guy is walking along the street and he sees a sign advertising a cocksucking frog. After a quick demo, he immediately purchases it and rushes home to his wife. He gives her the frog and explains that it is a cocksucking frog. 'What the hell do you expect me to do with it?' 'Teach it to cook and then fuck off.'
A Polish guy goes for eye test. Doctor points towards the last line on Eye Test Chart, S I S Z T R Z T O W S K I Doctor, "Can you read that?" Polish guy, " Read that? I fucking know that guy!!!"
A Skunk, A Deer, and a Giraffe Walk into a bar... They spend the night drinking Jack and Cokes until the bartender hollers "Last Call!" When they turn around to leave, the bartender says, "Hey! You three have to settle up, first." The Skunk says, "Not me, I barely have a scent." The Deer says, "Oh, it's been a while since I had a buck... but I'm going to have a little doe pretty soon." The Giraffe just shakes his head and says, "Bartender, my friends got me again. The highballs are on me."
Pet Insurance Hey baby. Do you have pet insurance? Because I'm about to destroy your pussy!
A married couple is lying in bed. (SFW) The wife leans over and says, "I want you to say dirty things before we start". So the man starts to caress her neck and whispers to here. "Living room, Bathroom, Kitchen".
How do you stick things together like Fred Flinstone? You add a dab of glue.
Like father, almost like son. Little 8-year-old Jimmy was getting ready for school in the morning, when he decided to go see what his dad was doing. He walked into his parents' room only to find that his dad wasn't quite dressed yet. He had his robe on, but it wasn't fastened and hung loose. Little Jimmy glimpsed at his dad's penis and asked, "Daddy? What's that thing between your legs?" Unashamed, his father answered, "Son, that's my penis. In fact, I'd say it's the perfect penis." Little Jimmy exclaimed, "Oh okay, Dad" and ran off to the other room. Later that morning while Little Jimmy and Little Susie were walking to school, Little Jimmy asks, "Hey Susie. Do you wanna see something cool?" Little Susie nods approvingly and they both jump into the nearest bush. There, Little Jimmy pulls down his pants and points at his penis proudly. Little Susie is in awe. "Wow! What is it?" she inquired. Little Jimmy smiles and says, "Well, Susie. That's my penis. And in fact, if it was two inches shorter, it'd be the perfect penis."
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb? I don't know I keep throwing them it just doesn't change.
Silly batman joke my doctor told me today Twoface never liked it when his men shouted, 'hey you! With the face!'
The Golden Toilet One night, Bob went out with his friends. The group went to about 5 different bars, and he drank a lot. Like any normally functioning person, he really had to go near the end of the night. He quickly asked the bartender where the bathroom was. "Down the hall, last door on the left," replied the bartender. Bob quickly made his way down the hall and went into the last door on the right. When he opened the door, he was amazed! The restroom was like no other. They even had a golden toilet! So, he did his business and went back to his friends. Later that night, Bob was laying in bed trying to go to sleep and he was thinking about how much he enjoyed that last bar...but he couldn't remember which bar owned that beautiful golden toilet! The next day, Bob was determined to find the bar with the golden toilet. He stopped at the first bar and asked the bartender, "Do you by any chance have a golden toilet here?" The bartender gave him a strange look and said no. Bob went to the next bar and asked the bartender, "Do you by any chance have a golden toilet here?" Again, the bartender told him no. Finally, after asking a few more bars down the street, Bob goes into the last bar and asks the bartender, "Do you by any chance have a golden toilet here?" The bartender looks at him for a moment, turns around, and shouts, "HEY SAL, I THINK I FOUND THE GUY THAT TOOK A SHIT IN YOUR TUBA!"
What do you call a noodle that likes Reggae? A Pastafarian.
A sailor gets shore leave after 4 months at sea, and goes into a bar He says to the bartender, "Man, I want to have sex in the worst way!" The bartender replies, "How about standing up in a hammock, during a rainstorm?"
My favorite all-ages joke. One day, a bear walks into a bar. He sits down at the counter, and the bartender comes over. "What'll it be?" asks the bartender. "I'll have a...... .... ..... .... .... .... ...beer." the bear says. "Alright, one beer for the bear. But I gotta ask, why the big pause?" asks the bartender. "I don't know," says the bear. "I was born with them." :)
I finally had an IRL date with a Redditor on Saturday night Things went great and we were actually physically attracted to each other. She invited me back to her apartment for a drink. One thing led to another, and we ended up in bed. She liked when I nibbled on her, and although it sounds cliched, she ended up saying, "Hurt me! Hurt me!" In the heat of the moment, I yelled back, "I ran over your cat when I parked the car!"
Old folks home My grandfather lives in an oldfolks home and one night while I was visiting a nurse walks in and hands him a mug of hot cocoa and a pill. I ask what the pill is, she says "It's viagra" confused I ask "why?" She says "well the cocoa is to make him sleep and the viagra is to stop him from rolling out of bed."
How can you tell if someone lifts? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Are you a general? Because you make my privates stand at attention.
Why do ostriches have long necks? Because their heads are so far from their bodies!
So a man goes out to a bar for the night... He gets really drunk, but manages to get home. The next day, his friend asks how his night was. "It was horrible," he replied. "I blew chunks." "Well that's not so bad," his friend says. "No, you don't get it. Chunks is my dog."
The Foreign exchange Student. An architect student walks into his classroom one morning to find the professor about to make an announcement. "Future architects, I present to you Max. He's here doing a semester abroad from Europe! Please help him feel welcome!" The architect student took it upon himself to befriend the FES to make him feel at home. A few weeks go by and the deadline for the first sketch assignment rolls along. on the day the assignment is due, the Professor asks everyone to pull out their work and put it on his desk. As the FES pulls out his work, the architect student is astounded at the sheer intricacy and thought he put into his work. "How did you pull off something that wonderful?!" asked the architect student. The FES replied: "Well Mein Freund, it is Minecraft!" (Mein Craft)
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine...
What's the best thing about being the 'third-wheel' for your friends in relationships? Nothing. It always fucking sucks.
Two girls sitting quietly together.
Dad, can I get a motorcycle? A son comes up to his father on his 15th birthday and says "Dad, can I have a motorcycle?" His dad says "Is your dick long enough to reach your butthole?" The kid looks down ashamed and says "No." The next year on his birthday the kid comes up and asks the same question. Once again, the dad replies with the same question. The kid is a little bit closer this year, but once again has to say no. Two years pass and the son comes up to the father with a triumphant look in his eyes and says "Dad will you buy me a motorcycle?" The day says "Is your dick long enough to reach your butthole?" The kid feels so proud of himself when he can finally say "Yes, it is Dad!" The father then says "Then go fuck yourself."
So a man wakes up one morning wildly late for work... Realizing the time, he threw on some clothes and ran out the door as fast as he could. He hops in his car and speeds off, driving much faster than he should have been. During his ride, he goes beneath an overpass, where a police officer happened to be parked that day. Noticing the maniac speeding down the road,the police officer pulls out, sirens blazing. The man pulls over as soon as he notices. The police officer walks up to the car and asks, "Sir, do you know how fast I just clocked you at?" The man replied, "Probably too fast, officer. I'm sorry, I'm really late for work and I had an important client coming in for an appointment.." The officer cuts him off, saying, "What is it exactly you do that warrants that kind of rush?" The man replied, "Well sir, I'm an asshole stretcher." "A what??" "An asshole stretcher. People pay for my services in doing exactly that. Today we were going to go through the steps of my client's upcoming procedure." "Why would he need that explained, though?" "Well, it's a fairly long, strenuous, and complicated process, requiring thousands of dollars of expensive equipment and the knowledge of how to use all of it. This particular client was going to be my most challenging procedure yet, as he wanted me to stretch his asshole to around six feet!" The officer seemed rather perplexed at this point. After a long, awkward silence, he asks, "But what the hell do you do with a six foot asshole?" The man replied, "You give them radar guns and put them under bridges."
0 Jokes Q: What did Zero say to Eight? A: Nice belt. Q. What did Zero say to Nine? A: Nice dick. Q: What did Zero say to Ten? A: Hey don't kick my ass.
Princess Diana had dandruff. Cops found her head and shoulders in the glove compartment.
2 Midgets' desperate Journey to have sex. One night, 2 Midgets Jack &amp; Jon decide to go &amp; buy prostitutes &amp; bring them to a motel. "Have fun, I'll see you in the morning. " Jack says to Jon. Jack goes inside and gets busy with his women but only last in sex for 10 seconds. Next door Jack here's Jon repeating: "1,2, up! 1,2, up,! 1,2, up!" "At least he's having a good time. " says Jack and goes to sleep. In the morning they met, Jon asks, "How was your night?" "Terrible, I only lasted for 10 seconds. I heard you having a blast in there." Jack replied. Jon then says, "A blast? I spent the whole night trying to get ON the bed! "
Thought I'd share a favorite on my cake day Gandhi used to walk barefoot on most days, neglecting modern footwear, and eventually grew a strong set of callouses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather weak and with his odd diet, suffered from very, very bad breath. To others he smelled atrocious, this super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
Lucky Numbers There was this man by the name of Mr Five. His lucky number was, not surprisingly, 5. He was 55 years old, ate 5 times a day, always brought with him $55 in his wallet and always wore a shirt with 5 pockets. One day, he saw a horse by the name of Lucky Five was racing. He bet $5555.55 on the horse. After 5 hours the results are out. Sure enough the horse comes in fifth.
Two guys walk into a bar... ... I can't remember the rest of the joke, but your mother's a whore.
What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it fell from a tree it would kill you? A pool table.
So a termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
Budgeting costs The Italian government was getting ready to invest in a new software that would help them become more efficient. Three companies put bids forth and they turned out to be from different countries: China, Germany and Russia. The Chinese bid was $1 million, which was quite cheap. The German bid was for $2 million. So, the project director brings them in, to question them why there was such substantial difference. The Germans explained that German engineering produces higher quality products, unlike the Chinese who create buggy software. The Russians had bid $3 million. Well, they got brought in as well, and were told that the Chinese had bid $1 million and the Germans $2 million, and asked why was their bid so much more. The Russian representative says: It's $1 million for you, $1 million for us and $1 million for the Chinese.
A guy goes to the doctor... The doctor come into the room and looks at the man. With a heavy heart the doctor said " Sir I have bad news, you have cancer and Alzheimer's". The man looks at the floor then at the doctors and said " Well at least I don't have cancer".
What's the difference between a straight man's moustache and a gay man's moustache? The smell.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? Get in the car Robin
On a BOAC flight many years ago... This was back when there was a crew in the cockpit not just two crew-members and a computer. Many years ago on a long BOAC flight, an elderly lady asked if she could visit the cockpit. When she got up there, she found four crewmen. She asked the firstwhat he did, and he explained that he was the navigator and what his responsibilities were. She turned to next one and asked what he did. He explained that he was the engineer and his job was to monitor andtroubleshoot any system problems to keep the flight operating smoothly. She turned to the next one and asked what he did. He explained that as the captain he was responsible for everything on the airplane and the functioning of the crew. She turned to the first officer and asked "Well young man, what is your job?" He replied "Ma'am, I am the captain's sexual advisor." Somewhat shocked, she said "I beg your pardon, but what do you mean by that?" "Very simple ma'am. The captain has told me that when he wants my fucking advice, he'll ask me."
How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun? Planet
Science jokes! A proton walks into a bar. Strolls up to the bartender and says "I don't care what you serve me, but I want the most expensive drink you offer." The bartender looks at him quizzically. "You sure about that, buddy?" **"I'm positive."** A cute little neutron walks in right after him. "I'll have what he's having," she says. The bartender pours another glass, slides it over with a wink. **"No charge."** A mole walks into the same bar, sweating profusely. "I just worked the hardest I've ever worked. I need a drink. No, I need a lot of drinks. Just keep them coming." The bartender asks, "How many are you going to have?" **"6.02 times 10 to the 23rd."** **edit** Proton, not protein. Thanks /u/The_Appollo
Big testicle Is it weird that my one testicle is bigger than my other two?
My Grandfather never had a good reason to go fishing. He did it just for the halibut.
An old man walks into a bar And asks the bartender, "Would you mind if I use your bathroom?" "No problem, go ahead" replies the bartender. "Are you sure? I'm on the salts." says the old man. Confused, the bartender tells him it's still fine. A few minutes later the old man comes out of the bathroom and sits at the bar. The next guy in line goes into the bathroom. He comes out a second later gagging. "There's crap all over the walls! Yeesh, what kind of salts are you on?!" exclaims the man. To which the old man replies, "Somersaults."
Here's a joke I heard awhile back. Its a bit racist. Please don't send me angry PMs. In the kindergarten playground at recess 3 male students were comparing their penis sizes. There was an Asian boy, a white boy, and a black boy. The Asian boy and white boy had penises about the same size, but the black boys penis was much bigger than both of theirs. When the two children saw this, they said it was because he was black, and the black boy thought about it. When the black boy got home he told the story to his mother, and asked "is the reason my penis is bigger than the other boys' penises because I'm black?" to which the mother replied "No sweetie, its because you're 24"
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down.
Newtown's First Law (OC) Newtown's First Law: For every crisis, there is an opportunistic power-grab by the government to trade freedom for 'security'.
Why didnt the shrimp let anyone else eat? He was being SHELLFISH
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both fly around Uranus and wipe out Klingons.
Two boys were walking in the forest... ... and they came across the most beautiful women taking a bath in a hot spring. Upon seeing this, one boy took of running, and the other went after him. When he caught up to the other he asked "Why did you run off?". To this the other replied "Well, my mom told me that if I ever saw a naked women I would turn to stone, and I felt something getting hard!"
There was this businessman who was getting ready to go on a long business trip. He knew his wife was a flirtatious sort, so he thought he'd try to get her something to keep her occupied while he was gone... So he went to a store that sold sex toys and started looking around. He thought about a life-sized sex doll, but that was too close to another man for him. He was browsing through the dildos, looking for something special to please his wife, and started talking to the old man behind the counter. He explained his situation, the old man "Well, I don't really know of anything that will do the trick. We have vibrating dildos, special attachments, and so on, but I don't know of anything that will keep her occupied for weeks, except..." and he stopped." "Except what?" "Nothing, nothing." "C'mon, tell me ! I need something!" "Well, sir, I don't usually mention this, but there is the 'voodoo dick.'" "So what's up with this voodoo dick?" the businessman asked. The old man reached under the counter, and pulled out an old wooden box, carved with strange symbols. He opened it, and there lay a very ordinary-looking dildo. The businessman laughed, and said "Big fucking deal. It looks like every other dildo in this shop!" "Ahh, but you haven't seen what it'll do yet." He pointed to a door and said "Voodoo dick, the door." The voodoo dick rose out of its box, darted over to the door, and started screwing the keyhole. The whole door shook with the vibrations, and a crack developed down the middle. Before the door could split, the old man said "Voodoo dick, get back in your box!" The voodoo dick stopped, floated back to the box and lay there, quiescent once more. Businessman "I'll take it!" The old man resisted, saying "it wasn't for sale", but he finally surrendered to $700 in cash. The guy took it home to his wife, told her it was a special dildo and that to use it, all she had to do was say... "Voodoo dick, my pussy." He left for his trip satisfied that things would be fine while he was gone. After he'd been gone a few days, the wife was unbearably horny. She thought of several people who would willingly satisfy her, but then she remembered the voodoo dick. She got it out, and said "Voodoo dick, my pussy!" The voodoo dick shot to her crotch and started pumping. It was great, like nothing she'd ever experienced before. After three orgasms, she decided she'd had enough, and tried to pull it out, but it was stuck in her, still thrusting. She tried and tried to get it out, but nothing worked. Her husband had forgot to tell her how to shut it off. So she decided to go to the hospital to see if they could help. She put her clothes on, got in the car and started to drive to the hospital, quivering with every thrust of the dildo On the way, another orgasm nearly made her swerve off the road, and she was pulled over by a policeman. He asked for her license, and then asked how much she'd had to drink. Gasping and twitching, she explained that she hadn't been drinking, but that a voodoo dick was stuck in her pussy, and wouldn't stop screwing. The officer looked at her for a second, and then said: "Yea, right. Voodoo dick, my ass!"
What goes "Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop click-click-click-click-click-click pop-click"? A stuttering South African tribesman.
duh. Q: Why do elephants paint their toenails red? A: So they can hide in cherry trees. Q: Have you ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree before? A: No? See, it works!
Guys sexual experience Guy talking to his dad "I finally did it I had my first sexual encounter today" Oh right said his dad ,well I said I would get you a new bike ,but you will have to wait till the end of the month ,till I get paid. That's alright said the guy my Bum is still sore Anyway.
I lost my mood ring last night... I don't know how I feel about this.
Amazingly, over half a million people showed up for Obama's inauguration ceremony, and only 8 missed work.
my doctor told me to watch my drinking and so i bought some mirrors
Two blondes talking... "I took a pregnancy test the other day..." "Oh dear, were the questions hard?"
The Cask of Amor-illado. A man and woman are involved in a severe car accident. Although the cars are totaled, they both crawl out of the wreckage, each without a scratch. The man immediately starts swearing. "Women are the worst drivers on earth! They shouldn't be given driver's licenses!" The woman sighs and points to the wreckage. "Look at our cars. Completely destroyed, yet we are unhurt...it must be a sign from God. He's telling us the sexes should be compatible, and live in peace together." Swayed by this profound sentiment, the man pauses and replies, "Maybe you're right...it could be a sign from God." Then he shakes his head. "You're still at fault in this accident! Women shouldn't be allowed to drive!" The woman smiles evenly and says, "But look here--another miracle. Although my car was completely destroyed, this bottle of red wine escaped, uninjured. Surely God wants us to drink this wine together, to celebrate our good fortune." With a generous nod, she hands the bottle to the man. The man shrugs, accepts the wine and drains half of it immediately--in one long, glorious draught. With a dramatic flourish, he passes the bottle back to his new spiritual companion. The woman puts the cap back on and drops it in her handbag, zipping it tightly. The man glances at her. "Aren't you having any?" "No...think I'll just wait for the police..."
What do you call a nun that walks in her sleep? A roamin' Catholic.
Kids in the back seat... ...cause accidents. Accidents in the back seats cause kids. (From a comment on [here](http://jalopnik.com/5977628/lets-all-make-up-facts-about-why-the-mazda-miata-is-so-awesome))
a big-mouthed frog is hopping thru the forest one day... when he happens upon a giraffe he says "HI! IM A BIG-MOUTHED FROG AND I EAT BUGS!! WHO ARE YOU AND WHATTA YOU EAT???". the giraffe looks down at him and says, "well, im a giraffe and i eat the leaves off the trees.". the big-mouthed frog says, "OH. OKAY!", and hops along. soon he comes upon a rabbit and says, "HI! IM A BIG-MOUTHED FROG AND I EAT BUGS!! WHO ARE YOU AND WHATTA YOU EAT???". the rabbit answers, "well, im a rabbit and i eat grass." the big-mouthed frog says, "OH. OKAY!", and hops along. shortly the big-mouthed frog happens upon a honey badger and says, "HI! IM A BIG-MOUTHED FROG AND I EAT BUGS!! WHO ARE YOU AND WHATTA YOU EAT???". honey badger looks at him and says, "well, im a honey badger and i eat big-mouthed frogs.". to which the frog replies, "^oh... ^okay."
My dad loves telling this joke to women Robert is walking down the street and sees two hearses followed by hundreds of men walking. At the front of the line, one man is walking his dog. Robert walks up to the man and asks, &gt;"What happened?!" The man- "My wife and mother in law died." Robert - "Oh my God, I'm so sorry. How did they die?" The man - "My dog bit them." Robert - "Your dog bit them and they died?!" The Man - "Yup" Robert - "...Can I borrow your dog?" The man simply smiles and says, "Get in line."
A nurse walks into a bank... A nurse is in a bank making a withdrawal after her night-shift. She grabs the pen to sign her name, but it (inevitably) doesn't work, so she hunts in her handbag. She pulls out a thermometer saying, "Shit, some asshole's got my pen." Ba-dum
A koala walks into a bar one night, slams his paw down on the table, and orders a drink. When he's done, slam goes his paw again for more. This goes on for about half an hour, and just when he was going to do it again, the barkeep told him if he was looking for a good time, there was some one in the back room who could help him, the koala decides why not and goes into the back room. There he meets a prostitute who is waiting for him. That night he has the best sex he has ever had. After the prostitute turns to the koala and says, "How about my money," the koala looked confused and the prostitute brought out a dictionary and it said...PROSTITUTE: Has sex for money. So in response the koala turn to the definition for the koala and it says. KOALA: Eats bush and leaves.
I can speak any language. I just don't understand what I'm saying in anything but english.
Blonde joke "Nurse, could you please take Mr. Oliver's pulse?" "Why? Doesn't he have one of his own?"
Raped by a canadian A woman called the police saying she was raped by a canadian, the policeman asked how she knew he was canadian. She said he said sorry after.
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducks
Only in Australia A farmhand in Australia was out checking farm fences in his Land Cruiser when he hit something. He radioed the farm for advice. "There's a pig stuck in the bullbar and is still alive but he's kicking and squealing so much I can't get him free," he said. "Okay," said the boss. "In the back of the 'cruiser there's a pistol. Put it up to the pig's head and shoot it. When its body goes all limp you'll be able to get it off the bullbar and throw it into the bush." About 15 minutes later the farmhand called in again, "I did what you said, boss. I shot the pig in the head, he went all limp and I got him out of the bullbar, no problem. But I still can't go on." "Why not?" asked the boss. "What's the problem now?" "Well it's his motorbike ... the fender and flashing blue light is jammed in the wheel-well."
Pre-Nuptial Agreements A secretary for a foreign embassy was entertaining a wealthy foreign ambassador during lunch at a very expensive restaurant in uptown New York. The ambassador was so enthralled by the beauty and presence of this secretary that he asked her to marry him. The secretary was startled, but remembered that her boss told her never to insult foreign dignitaries, so she decided to let him down easy. "I'll only marry you under three conditions. " she said. "Anything, anything," said the ambassador. "First, you must buy me a 14-karat gold wedding band with a 72 carat diamond, along with a 28 inch studded matching necklace for our engagement. "Without hesitation, the ambassador picked up his cellular phone, called his personal accountant, told him the instructions, and said, "Yes, yes, I buy, I buy! " The secretary thought that her first request was too easy, so she thought of a more difficult situation. "Second, I want you to build me a 58-acre mansion in the richest part of the Poconos along with a 40 acre summer home in the sweetest vineyards of France. " The ambassador picked up his phone, called his personal broker in New York, then called another broker in France, and after his quick conversation, he said, "Yes, yes, I build, I build! " The secretary was very startled, and knew she must think of a final request that would be impossible to live up to. "Finally," she said. "I'll only marry you, if you have a 10 inch tool. "A sad face befell the ambassador, and he cupped his face in his hands. After weeping in his native language for a few minutes, the ambassador slowly lifted his head and said, "Ok, ok, I cut, I cut! "
Military Benefits Cpl. Jones was assigned to the induction center, where he advised new recruits about their government benefits, especially their GI insurance. It wasn't long before Captain Smith noticed that Cpl. Jones had almost a 100% record for insurance sales, which had never happened before. Rather than ask about this, the Captain decided one day to stand in the back of the room to observe and listen to Jones' sales pitch. Jones explained the basics of the GI Insurance to the room full of new recruits, and then said: "If you have GI Insurance and go into battle and are killed, the government will pay $200,000 to your beneficiaries. If you don't have GI insurance, and you go into battle and get killed, the government only has to pay a maximum of $6000." "Now," he concluded, "which enlistees do you think they are going to send into battle first?"
"We got plenty of those where I come from." NSFW So... an American, Russian, and a Mexican are sitting on the edge of the Grand Canyon just hanging out as they so often do. After a while the Mexican pulls out a huge joint and sparks it up. He proceeds to smoke only half of it and tosses the rest into the canyon. The Russian says "Hey man, why didn't you share any of that?" to which the Mexican replies "Don't worry, we got plenty of those where I come from." Some time passes and the Russian pulls out this huge bottle of vodka, chugs half of it and tosses it into the canyon. The Mexican says "That was half full. Why did you just trash it?" to which the Russian replies "Meh... we've got plenty of those where I come from." A while later, the American stands up, walks around behind the Mexican and gives him a swift kick to the backside sending him hurtling into the canyon. The Russian says "What the hell man!? Why did you that!?" The American replies "Don't worry, we got plenty of those where I come from."
Advertising Two prostitutes were riding around town with a sign on the roof of their car which read, "TWO PROSTITUTES... $150.00." A policeman noticed the car, and quickly pulled them over. He approached the ladies and told them they'd have to remove the sign. Otherwise, they'd be arrested and taken to jail. Just then, another car passed by with a sign which read, "JESUS SAVES." The two ladies asked the policeman why he let the other car drive by without pulling them over. "Well, that's a little different since it pertains to religion." The two ladies were furious, but nonetheless they removed the sign and drove away. The next day, the same policeman noticed the same two ladies riding around town with a sign on the roof of their car. He figured he had an easy bust, so he pulled them over once again. As he approached the car, though, he noticed a new sign which now read, "TWO ANGELS SEEKING PETER... $150.00."
How to make an idiot curious? I'll post the answer tomorrow.
A blind man walks into a bar... and a stool and a table.
Doc, for all the good that suppository did me... I could have shoved it up my ass!
What does Jean Valjean use to listen to music? Cosettes.
A priest a minister and a rabbi... All were trying to see who was the best at their job. They decided to go to the woods find a bear and convert it. One week later they all came back with their stories the pries went first and said " well when I went out into the woods I found a bear and I gave him communion and now he's a regular church goer." The minister said he found his by the stream and baptized him and now he goes to my church frequently." When the rabbis turn came he was in a wheelchair with a full body cast and he said " maybe I shouldn't have started with the circumcision"
Inauguration Limerick by Stephen Colbert There once was a man named Barack Whose re-election came as a shock He raised taxes I pay And turned marriage gay And now he's coming after your Glock
A Buddhist monk, a priest, and a rabbi go to the barber for a haircut... The priest goes in for a haircut first. When he was paying at the counter, the barber tells him that he is a man of god, so he doesn't have to pay. The priest thanks him, and the next morning the barber finds 10 gold coins on his counter. The next day, the Buddhist monk goes in for a haircut. When he was paying, the barber tells him that he doesn't have to pay, as he was a monk and all of that meditating and praying was hard work. The next morning, the barber finds 10 rubies on his counter. The next day, the rabbi goes in for a haircut. When he goes to pay, the barber tells him that he is a shepherd of his people and he does not have to pay. The Rabbi thanks him and leaves. The next day, 10 rabbis go into his shop for a haircut.
What do clouds wear during a storm? Thunderwear
Original Yo Momma? (I think, please verify) Yo mommas so fat, shes being traded on the oil futures market!
Cyanide please A lady walked into a drugstore and told the pharmacist she needed some cyanide right away. The pharmacist naturally was concerned by such a request and asked, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" The lady then explained that she needed it to poison her husband. The pharmacist's eyes got big and he said, "I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! I'll lose my license. They'll throw both of us in jail and all kinds of bad things will happen! Absolutely not! You cannot have any cyanide!" The lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well, now. You didn't tell me you had a prescription."
What did the pedophile say when he got out of jail ? "I feel like a kid again"
Modified oldie: My dick is ... Boaster: My dick is 12 inches but I don't use it as a rule Boaster+: And mines one metre but I don't use it as a foot!
2 Kids, A Mom and A Dad (NSFW) One night a 6 year old boy (Jim) had a nightmare, and ran in to his parent's room an went under the sheets. He then saw under the covers his mother and father having sex. He immediately pops his head out from under the covers, and points at his fathers' penis and asks "What is that, daddy?" His father replies "It's a pink limousine." He then asks his mother (pointing at her vagina) "Mommy, what is that?" She replies "It's a garage." So the next day when the boy is at school, he pulls out his limousine in front the girl he likes (Cindy) and they then have sex. Cindy comes home with blood over her hands, and Jim comes home with pants soaked in blood. The boys' parents ask "What happened?!" And the boy replies: "The pink limousine wouldn't fit in the garage so we had to cut it!"
College hot dogs What do uou call a hot dog in college? A FRATwurst! Hahahahahaha
Dirty: A boy was dragging his frog A 10 year old boy walked into his local brothel dragging a dead frog on a string. The madam answered the door and asked the boy what he wanted. "I want to have sex with one of your ladies", Said the boy. "Well we have a fine selection, take your pick son", replied the madam. "I hear the men in town talk about Alice, that she has a disease", said the boy. "Why yes, but wouldn't you want a girl who is clean?", inquired the madam. "No, Alice will do just fine", Said the boy. So, the boy went back with Alice, and ten minutes later came out happy as a clam, dragging his dead frog on a string. Upon seeing this, the madam had to ask why he requested Alice, who had a disease. "Well said the boy, I had sex with her, so I have the disease. When I go home, my dad will come into my room tonight and molest me, so he'll catch the disease. Then, he will go to my mom and give it to her. Finally, when dad goes to work the next morning and the milk is delivered, mom will have a quickie with the milk man in the kitchen.... ...and that's the son of a bitch who ran over my frog!
What questioned started the Holocaust? What would you do for a Klondike Bar?
What type of lights were on Noah's Ark? You'd think it would be floodlights, but in reality it was the Israelites!
i said my power steering pump blew a seal and my uncle came back with this So a penguin is driving in the desert and his car brakes down, so he takes it to the mechanic. while hes waiting for the mechanic he goes and gets ice cream since its hot in the desert it melts so he goes back to the mechanic and the mechanic says well it looks like you blew a seal
Do penises and testicles have much in common? Not really. There's a vas deferens between the two.
Two Hunters Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services. He gasps, "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says "Calm down. I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There is a silence, then a gun shot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says "OK, now what?"
I'm thinking about starting a feminist group. It's called Ovary-Action.
An Old Montana Cowboy An 80-year-old rancher from Montana goes to the Mayo clinic in Rochester for a check-up. The doctor is amazed at what good shape the guy is in and asks, 'How do you stay in such great physical condition?' 'I'm from Montana and in my spare time I like to hunt and fish' says the old guy, 'and that's why I'm in such good shape. I'm up well before daylight riding herd and mending fences and when I'm not doing that, I'm out hunting or fishing. In the evening, I have a beer, a shot of whiskey and all is well.' 'Well' says the doctor, 'I'm sure that helps, but there's got to be more to it. How old was your father when he died?' 'Who said my Father's dead?' The doctor is amazed. 'You mean you're 80 years old and your father's still alive? How old is he?' 'He's 100 years old,' says the old cowboy. 'In fact he worked and hunted with me this morning, and then we went to the topless bar for a while and had a little beer and that's why he's still alive. He's a Montana rancher and he hunts and fishes too!' 'Well,' the doctor says, 'that's great, but I'm sure there's more to it than that. How about your father's father? How old was he when he died?' 'Who said my Grandpa's dead?' Stunned, the doctor asks, 'you mean you're 80 years old and your grandfather's still alive?' 'He's 118 years old,' says the man. The doctor is getting frustrated at this point, 'So, I guess he went hunting with you this morning too?' 'No, Grandpa couldn't go this morning because he's getting married today.' At this point the doctor is close to losing it. 'Getting Married??? Why would a 118 year-old guy want to get married?' 'Who said he wanted to?'
Why are black people good at basketball? Because it's all about shooting and stealing.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaiiinnss.
How do you say goodbye to German cheese? Velveetazane
If you woke up in the woods with your pants at your ankles, a condom in your ass, and no recollection of the last 24 hours, would you tell anyone? Wanna go camping?
A blonde joke my sub told us. Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull from the stockyard in a far town so that they can breed their own stock. They only have $600 left. Upon leaving, the brunette tells her sister, 'When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home.' The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he will sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office and says, 'I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home.' The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, 'It's just 99 cents a word.' Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word. After a few minutes of thinking, she nods and says, 'I want you to send her the word 'comfortable.' The operator shakes his head. 'How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word 'comfortable?' The brunette explains, 'My sister's blonde. The word's big. She'll read it very slowly ... com-for-da-bull.'
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile.
Why did the algae end up at school? She wanted to buy an algae bra.
what's better than roses on the piano? Tulips on your organ.
Russian Condoms One day the president of the largest condom company in Russia is called down by his sales associate. He tells the president that they have just gotten a huge order from America for double extra large 16" condoms. The associate tells the prez that it must be a prank, so the president mulls it over for a minute and then says "Make their order, but when you mark them them for shipping, stamp them with 'EXTRA SMALL.'"
Why did the woman's visit to wall street land her in the hospital? Because the stock broker!
Thats offensive. Please stop using the word gay. It is offensive to faggots.
Two Irishmen Open A Pub... Two Irish men opened a pub in Dublin. They're open for three weeks, and *no one* comes in, they haven't had a **single** customer. Finally, one Irishman turns to the other and says, "I've been thinking about our problem. I think we should open a Brothel." The second Irishman says, "Are you bloody mad? If we can't get them to drink beer, how in hell are we going to get them to drink broth?"
A married man wakes up in his bed, hungover, with no recollection of the night before... He goes down to the kitchen to find his favourite breakfast laid out waiting for him. Soon after, his son enters the kitchen and the man asks, "What happened last night?" The son responds, "Well you came in and vomited all over the floor and when mom tried to help you thought she was the police and punched her in the face." The shocked man then asks, "What's with the lovely breakfast then?" "Well," the son replies, "when she tried to get you out of your clothes and into bed, you screamed at her 'Get off me you slut, I have a wife!'"
Why was Cinderella kicked out of Walt Disney World? Because she sat on Pinocchio's face and told him to start telling lies.
Why do black people have white hands? There's a little good in everybody.
It's been said that bird droppings on the shoulder is good luck... That's crap.
Jesus knows you're here A burglar broke into a house one night. He shines his flashlight around the house looking for valuables when a voice in the dark says "Jesus knows you're here." Freaked out, he turns his flashlight off and freezes, but hears nothing more so shakes his head and continues. As he is disconnecting cables from the TV, he hears very clearly "Jesus is watching you." Startled, he shines his light around frantically looking for the source of the voice. In the corner of the room he spots a Parrot. "Did you say that?" he asks. "Yes," the parrot confessed, "I'm just trying to warn you that he's watching you." The burglar laughs a bit, "warn me huh? Who in the world are you!" "Moses." The bird replies. With a now humorous tone, the burglar asks "What kind of person would name a bird Moses?" The bird replies "the same kind of people who would name a rottweiler Jesus."
How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Wanna ride bikes?!?
A children's museum SOUNDS like a good idea... ...but I would imagine it's hard to breathe inside those little glass cases.
NERD JOKE: What is the difference between a refrigerator and a one foot tall man painting the side of a house? Answer: On a quantum level, there is no difference.
Where are five gay guys on a bus headed to? One Direction
A good friend will help you move. A great friend will help you move a body.
An engineer died and reported to the pearly gates An intern angel, filling in for St. Peter, checked his dossier and grimly said, "Ah, you're an engineer; you're in the wrong place." So the engineer was cast down to the gates of hell and was let in. Pretty soon, the engineer became gravely dissatisfied with the level of comfort in hell, and began designing and building improvements. After a while, the underworld had air conditioning, flush toilets, and escalators, and the engineer was becoming a pretty popular guy among the demons. One day, God called Satan up on the telephone and asked with a sneer, "So, how's it going down there in hell?" Satan laughed and replied, "Hey, things are going great. We've got air conditioning and flush toilets and escalators, and there's no telling what this engineer is going to come up with next." God's face clouded over and he exploded, "What? You've got an engineer? That's a mistake; he should never have gotten down there; send him up here." Satan shook his head, "No way. I like having an engineer on the staff, and I'm keeping him." God was as mad as he had ever been, "This is not the way things are supposed to work and you know it. Send him back up here or I'll sue." Satan laughed uproariously, "Yeah, right. And just where are YOU going to get a lawyer?"
It's Afro Carribean Hair Day at work tomorrow... ...I'm dreadin' it.
I met Lance Armstrong after a party Me: So, Lance, how was the party? Lance (Pensively glancing at the whisky): I had a ball.
Why can't chickens pee? Their pecker's on the wrong end.
What do you call a room full of men watching the Super Bowl on a big screen TV? The Patriots
Bad news A doctor says to his patient: 'I'm afraid I've got bad news for you. You've got cancer and Alzheimer's disease'. The patient responds: 'Well, at least I don't have cancer'.
"So I went to this convention called, "Ladies Without Legs", and man... was that place crawling with pussy." - Willie Nelson
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people... ...repost.
The German Lifeguard A group of friends were on a boat in Munich when the hull was breached. They quickly called for the German Life Guard yelling "Help we're sinking!" The Life Guard asked "Ja, vat are you sinking about?"
My friend told me this joke It seems a young farm boy accidentally overturned his wagon load of corn. The farmer who lived nearby heard the noise. "Hey Willis!!" the farmer yelled. "Forget your troubles. Come in and eat dinner with us. Then I'll help you get the wagon back up." "That's mighty nice of you," Willis answered, "but I don't think Pa would like me to." "Nonsense, come on!" the farmer insisted. "Well, okay," the boy finally agreed, "but Pa won't like it." After a hearty dinner, Willis thanked his host. "I feel a lot better now, but I know Pa is going to be real upset." "Don't be foolish!" the neighbor said with a smile. "By the way, where is your Pa?" "Under the wagon."
Why the Chinese aren't democratic Because their leaders can't bring themselves to say 'We need to have a great election; People will come from all over the country'
My friend has mexican car insurance. It's called get out and run.
The Modest Florist The was a man who sold flowers in the local village and earned a modest living doing so. He had done this his entire life so it was upsetting to him when one day he could no longer sell so much as a single rose. As he looked around the entire village he started to notice that everyone had flowers. He approached a lady and asked her where she got her flowers from. She explained that the Montessori up the road was selling flowers at half the price he sold his. Devastated he walked to the pub to meet his friends. He sat down and told them how his only way of making a modest living had been taken from him. After many beers and much discussion it was mutually decided that he needed to confront the monks. He then went home and set up the horse and cart for the journey. Miles and miles later he got to the Montessori. He approached the large wooden double doors and knocked. One of the monks opened the door and the man began to explain that he was a simple man making a modest living selling flowers in order to provide for his wife and kids. He asked him if they could just go back to brewing beer instead of selling flowers. The monk replied that brewing beer took too much time to monitor and it was a lot of effort unlike the flowers. He said they would keep doing what they had and slammed the door in his face. The man then got into his cart and made the journey miles and miles back to town. He went back to the pub the next day and met up with his friends. After many beers and much discussion they told him of a man named Hugh Pressman that might take care of the situation. He then went home and got the horse and cart ready to go. He then proceeded to make the journey miles and miles to Hugh Pressman. He pulled up to the house and knocked on the door. Hugh answered and the man began to explain that he sold flowers to earn a modest living and now he couldn't because of the monks. Hugh told him not to worry and he would take care of it. The man then left and made the journey miles and miles back to the village. Hugh Pressman road his horse many miles over to the Montessori the next day. He got off his horse and approached the large wooden double doors and knocked. A monk answered the door and Hugh began to explain that his new friend sold flowers to earn a modest living. He asked the monk if they could just go back to brewing beer. The monk explained that there was too much effort involved and that growing flowers was much easier and then tried to slam the door in Hugh's face. Hugh blocked the door and pulled out his sword and stabbed the monk. All the other monks charged after him and he killed every last one of them. If you read this entire joke and still don't get it, that's because it was an elaborate way to tell you that only Hugh can prevent florist fryers
Drunk man and a lost penguin A policeman once saw a drank man sitting next to a wild penguin and looked like he's talking to it. So the policeman yells: "What on earth do you think you're doing?! Take that penguin to the zoo NOW!!" Drunk man: "o..o..OK sir!" Next day the police man passes by and sees the same drunk man with the penguin again Policeman: "What are you still doing with that penguin?!! I'VE ASKED YOU TO TAKE IT TO THE DAMN ZOO!!!" Drunk man: "I, I, I did sir and he liked it, I am taking him to the library now!"
I don't like thinking about gravity. It brings me down.
A Family of Balloons There was once a family of balloons; Balloon Dad, Balloon Mum and Balloon Jr. As Balloon Jr was only very young he was still getting used to sleeping the whole night in his own bed. Mum and Dad would always say that he is now too big and he simply must stay in his own bed! One night Balloon Jr just couldn't take it anymore he HAD to sleep in his parents bed so he crept in to their room, but looking up at the bed he could see that there really wasn't enough room for him to fit in. To solve this problem he decides to let a little air out of his dad, a little air out of his mum and quite a lot of air out of himself. The next morning the parents are very disappointed, Balloon Mum says to Balloon Jr "You've let me down, you've let your father down, but most of all, you've let yourself down."
Plastic Surgery A woman is seeing her plastic surgeon one day. He asks "What kind of procedure do you wish to have done?" She replies, "Well I am awfully embarrassed by this but I need to make my pussy lips smaller." She opened her robe and they were huge. The doctor exclaimed "We can handle that no problem, we can get it done today if you wish." She replied "Great! But please don't tell a soul about this, its far to embarrassing." "I promise." He said. A few days later she woke up in a recovery room with three roses next to her bed. "Doctor! I told you not to tell anyone!" She yelled at him! "I didn't tell a soul my dear. One of the roses was from me. One of them is from the nurse who assisted with the procedure. The last one is from the patient who got his new ears."
Who's Bob? A married man keeps telling his wife "honey, you have a beautiful butt", she asks her friends if she has a beautiful butt and they agree. Her husbands birthday is coming up so she decides to get a tattoo "Beautiful Butt" on her ass. The tattoo artist tells her "I can't fit that on your ass, it takes up too much space. But I tell you what, I'll put BB on each cheek for beautiful butt". She agrees. On the husbands birthday shes standing on top of the stairs wearing a robe. When he gets home, she says "look honey." She opens the robe and bends over and her husband yells "WHO THE FUCK IS BOB?".
How do you make a female chemist feel self conscious? Ask if her hair is an extensive property
How To Get Hired At Walmart A manager at Wal-Mart had the task of hiring someone to fill a job opening. After sorting through a stack of resumes he found four people who were equally qualified. He decided to call the four in and ask them only one question. Their answer would determine which of them would get the job. The day came and as the four sat around the conference room table, the interviewer asked, 'What is the fastest thing you know of?' The first man replied, 'A THOUGHT.' It just pops into your head. There's no warning. 'That's very good!' replied the interviewer. 'And, now you sir?', he asked the second man. 'Hmmm...let me see 'A blink! It comes and goes and you don't know that it ever happened. A BLINK is the fastest thing I know of.' 'Excellent!' said the interviewer. 'The blink of an eye, that's a very popular cliche for speed.' He then turned to the third man, who was contemplating his reply. 'Well, out at my dad's ranch, you step out of the house and on the wall there's a light switch. When you flip that switch, way out across the pasture the light on the barn comes on in less than an instant. 'Yep, TURNING ON A LIGHT is the fastest thing I can think of'. The interviewer was very impressed with the third answer and thought he had found his man. 'It's hard to beat the speed of light,' he said. Turning to BUBBA, the fourth and final man, the interviewer posed the same question. Old Bubba replied, 'After hearing the previous three answers, it's obvious to me that the fastest thing known is DIARRHEA.' 'WHAT!?' said the interviewer, stunned by the response. 'Oh sure', said BUBBA. 'You see, the other day I wasn't feeling so good, and I ran for the bathroom, but before I could THINK, BLINK, or TURN ON THE LIGHT, I had already s**t my pants.' BUBBA is now the new greeter at a Wal-Mart near you!
Haunted hotel Sorry for the length, got carried away in the prose. So there's a Scotsman, Englishman and an Irishman in a car traveling along a road at night, during a thunderstorm, in the middle of the Scottish mountains. Suddenly it breaks down. Having not a signal between them or car knowhow, they start to worry. However, seeing lights from a building further up the road, they walk a fair bit up to it and see it's a hotel. They go in and are greeted by the receptionist, the room lit by candles. "Welcome! You're out late. I take it you want a room?". "Aye", says the Scotsman, "oor car broke doon and wuv nae clue how tae fix the fuckin' hing!". "Oh", says the receptionist, "well we've no power I'm afraid but I can discount you a room, last one left! Only...it's haunted." "Sure, we're no feared of a few spirits biy, I'm sure it'll be grand.", claims the Irishman. They collect the key and traipse up the stairs to the very last room in the building. Upon reaching the door, they agree to take turns entering, just in case it really is haunted. The Englishman enters first. As he goes in, the room is pitch black with a table highlight in the centre of the room by the lightning flashes. On the table is a 5 note. He goes toward the table and reaches for the note. Suddenly, a voice calls from the darkness. "Am the ghost a John McIver, leave that alane, cos that's MA fiver!" The Englishman yells out loud and tears back out the room, disappearing downstairs and out into the storm. "Fuck me ye see his legs gawn lit the clappers?" "Sure he moved faster than they did invadin me country!". The Irishman goes in next. Upon seeing the 5 note illuminated by a flash, he also goes to pick it up. Again the voice says, "Am the ghost a John McIver, leave that alane, cos that's MA fiver!". He screams, "Ghooost!" And jumps out the window. When the Scotsman hears this, he grabs a candle stick from the table in the hall and barges into the room. Seeing the 5 note, ("Ya beauty!") he goes to pick it up. Once more the voice calls "Am the ghost of John McIver, leave that alane, cos that's MA fiver!" The Scotsman says, "Aw are ye aye? Well am the ghost a Donald Duck, am takin' that fiver and runnin' like fuck!"
What's the difference between a Philosophy major and a cashier at KFC? A job application.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? Pokemon
Three nuns die and go to heaven... ...where St. Peter greets them and informs them that in order to get into heaven, they must answer a question apeice. The first nun, who happens to be a novice nun, goes first. "For you," says Peter, "an easy question, because of your short time as a nun. Who were the first two people?" "That's easy," replies the nun excitedly. "Adam and Eve." "Congratulations," says Peter, "You're in." He beckons the second nun forward. The second nun has been with the church for ten years and knows quite a bit about her religion. "For you," says Peter, "a moderately difficult question. What color was Eve's hair?" "I've never... I've never actually studied that," replies the nun. "But I'll take a guess. Blonde?" "Great job," says Peter. "You're in." He turns to the third nun, who was the head nun of her church. "And for you, a most difficult question indeed. What was the first thing Eve said to Adam in Paradise?" After a moment of thinking, the nun looks stumped. "Gosh, that's a hard one." "Congratulations, you're in."
A difficult decision A man had been dating three women on and off for a while. He didn't know whom to ask to marry, so he gave each woman $1000 to do with as they would. The first woman spent it on plastic surgery and make up, and she returned to the man saying "I want to always be beautiful for you, my dear." The second woman invested it all and made 5x what the investment was worth. She said, "I want us to be financially stable and happy forever." The third woman bought gifts and electronics for the man, saying "I want you to always feel valued and prized." The man went away and thought long and hard about it. In the end, he picked the woman with the biggest boobs.
How do you know Jesus loves Japanese food? Because he said he loves miso.
Alaskan retirement. Jeff had been in business for 25 years. Finally sick of the stress, he quits his job and buys 50 acres of land in Alaska as far from humanity as possible. He sees the postman once a week and gets groceries once a month. Otherwise it's total peace and quiet. After six months or so of almost total isolation, someone knocks on his door. He opens it and a huge, bearded man is standing there. "Name's Stan, your neighbor from forty miles up the road. Having a Christmas party Friday night. Thought you might like to come at about 5:00." "Great", says Jeff, "after six months out here I'm ready to meet some local folks. Thank you." As Stan is leaving, he stops. "Gotta warn you. Be some drinkin!" "Not a problem" says Jeff. "After 25 years in the business, I can drink with the best of 'em." Again, the big man starts to leave and stops. "More 'n' likely gonna be some fighting' too." "Well, I get along with people, I'll be all right and, if not, I can handle myself pretty well .....I'll be there. Thanks again." "More'n likely be some wild sex, too," "Now that's really not a problem" says Jeff, warming to the idea. "I've been all alone for six months! I'll definitely be there. By the way, what should I wear?" "Don't much matter. Just gonna be the two of us."
An Irish Priest Visits His Parishioners... An Irish priest is travelling through the outskirts of his parish, visiting with some of his flock, when he comes across one of his parishioners on the road. "Mary! Is that you? I haven't seen you or Seamus in months." said the priest. "Oh Father! Seamus passed away a few weeks ago." replies Mary. "That's terrible news Mary! Were you with him when he passed?" asked the priest. "Oh aye Father, I was." said Mary "Well, that's good! Did he have any last words for you before he went?" "Oh yes Father! Just before he died, he looked up at me and said, 'Mary! Mary! Please put down the gun!"
A pint, a dog and an old lady A guy goes into a bar and as he orders a drink he notices a jar at the end of the bar full of money. He says to the barman "what's that about?" to which the barman replies "you pay a tenner and have to complete 3 challenges, if you are successful you win all the money in the jar. Would you like to try it?" The man says he'll think about it and sits down with his drink. After about 8 pints the man staggers up to the bar and slams a tenner on down in front of the barman, "Okay pal, I'll have a go". So the barman says "ok, challenge number 1, here's a pint of tequila, you have to drink all of that without coughing it up or being sick". It takes the man a couple of minutes but he finishes the drink. "well done" says the barman. "The next challenge, there's a guard dog outside with a bad tooth, you need to go out there and remove it. After that, there's a woman upstairs, she's 83, never had sex in her life. I want you go up there and show her a real good time". So the man goes outside and for about 15 minutes there is a lot of barking, shouting and screaming. Then after a while it goes quiet. The barman walks outside to find out what's happened... The dogs dead. The man who's out of breath turns to the barman and says "Right... Where's this old lady with the bad tooth?"
What's the difference between a white woman and a tampon? They're both stuck up cunts.
Most Racist Joke I Have Heard (told to me by a devout Chinese Jew) whats the worst part about being a black jew? getting put in the back of the oven.
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus? Because it wasn't born yesterday.
What's the difference between a hooker and an onion? I never cry when I cut up a hooker.
Do you know how they came up with the name for a shark? It's a mix of two swear words; "SHIIIT" and "FAAARK"
Why does Stephen Hawking have a boring sex life? You can't 69 in binary.
Egg puns This eggcellent thread should have all the egg related yokes you can think of. Bring it on.
the most hilarious Joke I ve ever heard translated for you guys. A man comes into a bar. He goes to the barkeeper and orders a Beer when he sees a big Jar full of 100$ Bills. He asks the barkeeper: "Why is there a Jar full of money on the counter?" And the Barkeeper responds: "It s a little Game we have here, you put 100$ into the Jar and then you have to do 3 Tasks. If you win the Jar with all the money in it is yours." The man says: "Count me in! what do I have to do?" "At first, You have to drink one 33oz Glas of Tequila in one draft, then you have to go in the backyard where you will find a guarddog, you have to pull one tooth and bring it here. After that you go upstairs where you will find my Grandma she is 80 and doesn t had sex for 30 years, so you have to fuck her real good." The man thinks for a moment and then he says:" Ok I do it." He puts 100$ into the Jar and goes for the Glas of Tequila. One deep breath and he starts drinking. after the third gulp his eyes began to water but he continiued and finally he finishes the Glas nearly puking, but he made it. Everyone in the Bar is cheering and the man walks outside. After 10 seconds the crowd hears the dog barking and growl and after a while they here a whimper and then silence. Everyone in the Bar thought the Dog must have killed the man. But then The door opens and the man comes into the bar full with scratches and ripped clothing and says "Sho, (hick!) and wheress se ol Grandman wis se loose Teeth?"
How do you make an octopus laugh? Give it ten tickles!
An all girls school, school bus flips over and kills all the girls. When arriving at heaven's gates... they are asked to get into a line. Jesus stands at the front and asks the first girl if she had ever done something with a boy's privates. She responds "yes, I've touched one before." Jesus answers, "Ok please put your finger into the holy water and then enter heaven." So the girl dips her finger in the holy water and proceeds to enter into heaven. Jesus then asks the next girl the same question. She replies, "Yes, I've jerked one off." Jesus then says, "please put you hand in the holy water and then go into heaven." So she does. There is then a disturbance in the queue as one girl tries to jump it. Jesus turns to the girl and ask; "Why are you trying to skip the queue?". The girl responds; "Well if I'm going to have to gargle the water, I'd better do it before Becky sticks her ass in it!"
It's an XO (Navy Executive Officer)'s last day before retirement... ...and the Captain comes up to him and tells him that upon finishing his nightly duties, he is to inventory everything on the entire ship and have it on the Captain's desk by the next morning at 0700. The XO grins widely and says "Aye aye, sir!" The Captain looks at him for a moment and says "Son, I can tell everything I need to know by that look on your face. I bet you can't wait until I die so you can come piss on my grave, right?" "No, sir!" the XO says. "After I get out of the Navy, I'm never standing in line again!"
What did the spice say during climax? I'm cumin! I'm cumin!
A priest, a lawyer and a teacher with his students were on a plane The plane was going through some heavy turbulence. Suddenly, the pilot got on the speaker and said the plane is going down. The stewardess broke the bad news: only 3 parachutes for the passengers. The lawyer said to the priest and teacher, "Perfect! One for each of us. Lets GO!" Then the teacher screamed "What about the CHILDREN!?!" The lawyer responded "Fuck the children!" The priest coyly glances around "But... is there time?"
A boy is carrying something past an old man on his porch... The old man sees him and says "Boy, what'cha got there?" "Duck tape old man. Imma catch me some ducks!" "You can't catch ducks with no duck tape." says the old man. The boy doesn't listen and walks on. 5 minutes later the boy comes back with 10 ducks all caught up in the tape and quacking away. The man is dumbfounded. The next day the same boy walks carrying something by the old man. "Boy, what'cha got there?" "Chicken Wire" the boy says "Imma catch me some chickens" "Boy you can't catch chickens with no chicken wire." Replied the old man. The boy walked on, and not 10 minutes later came back with no less than 20 chickens all rolled up in the wire, clucking away. The old man was dumbfounded. The next day the boy walked by carrying something. The old man raised an eyebrow. "Boy, whatcha got there?" said the old man "Pussywillows" replied the boy. "Hold on" said the old man "Just let me get my hat." Edit: Well played WreckedAngle well played.
There's these two Irish guys... And it's St. Patty's Day, so the two are getting blasted. In their drunken stupor, they strike up a conversation. The first Irishman goes, "Hey there Laddie, where are ya from?" The second one replies, "Oh me? I'm straight from Ireland!" The first Irishman smiles brightly, "NOOO WAAAAY! ME TOO! A round of drinks!" The two Irishmen down their drinks and keep chatting. "Well, where in Ireland are you from?" "Dublin!" "NOOO WAAAAY! ME TOO! A round of drinks!" Again, they down their drinks as their excitement (and drunkenness) increase. "Well, did you know Ol' Johnny Brennan?!?" "He was one of my best friends!" "NOOO WAAAAY! ME TOO! A round of drinks!" While the two Irishmen are finishing their drinks, another partron comes and sits at the bar. When the bartender comes over, the newcomer says, "How's it going Mickey!" Mickey, the bartender, replies, "Pretty good, pretty good. The O'Malley twins are drunk again." EDIT:I feel like I can't fix it or else no one will know what you guys are talking about.
Jokes to offend Abrahamic religions * JESUS SAVES! HE PASSES TO GRETZKY, GRETZKY SHOOTS, GRETZKY SCORES! * How was copper wire invented? Two jews found the same penny * What did the jew do when he heard clouds had silver linings? Got his pilot's license * Why doesn't Jesus eat skittles? They keep falling through the holes in his hands * Why did Mohammad marry a nine year old? The goat was engaged * Why do showers have 11 holes? Because jews have ten fingers * Why do jews have big noses? Because air is free
I don't understand why everyone is mad at Lance Armstrong... Like I give him props... Have you ever tried biking before on drugs? It's fucking hard.
Pretend You're a Statue... A woman was in bed with her lover when she heard her husband opening the front door. "Hurry," she said, "stand in the corner." She rubbed baby oil all over him, then dusted him with talcum powder. "Don't move until I tell you," she said, " pretend you're a statue." "What's this?" the husband inquired as he entered the room. "Oh it's a statue," she replied, "the Smiths bought one and I liked it so I got one for us, too." No more was said, not even when they went to bed. Around 2 AM the husband got up, went to the kitchen and returned with a sandwich and a beer. "Here," he said to the statue, have this. I stood like that for two days at the Smiths and nobody offered me a damned thing."
What technique does a prisoner use when coloring a picture? Cell shading.
New cardboard AIDS test if your skin is darker than a piece of cardboard you probably have AIDS.
A boy with no arms and no legs is sitting on the beach... A woman walks past him and says "Awww, have you ever been hugged?" He says "No." So she gives him a hug. A second woman walks past and says "Awww, have you ever been kissed?" He says "No." So she gives him a kiss. A third lady walks past and says "Have you ever been fucked?" He says "No." She says "Well you are now. The tide's coming in."
Two guys walk in to a bar ...the third one ducks.
A woman walks into a dry cleaner... and says "I've got another dress for you" The man behind the counter, whose a little hard of hearing, reply "come again?" The woman responds with "No this time its mustard"
Intimate couple and kid (possible NSFW) A couple living in a small house,wanted to have sex without their Son watching it. They asked their son to stand in balcony, and keep telling them what's going on outside. Soon they started having sex in bedroom, and also hear their Son Son : Tina is playing, John is buying fruits, Watchman is dozing and Micheal uncle is fucking his wife.. Dad : Wat ! Can you see him ! Is he doing it openly ! Son : No.. Dad : Then how can u tell ? Son : His son is also standing in the balcony.
What did the Arab land his 747? The tarmac, you racist.
Monkeys in a tree Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? It was dead. Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree? It was stapled to the first. Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree? Peer pressure
Why can't you fool an aborted fetus? Because it wasn't born yesterday.
What does a novice woodworker have in common with a constipated woodworker? In the end, both are lucky to produce a stool.
A priest and his grandson, a doctor, and a lawyer are on a plane... The pilot says over the intercom that the engines have failed and the plane is going down. There are only 4 parachutes. The pilot grabs a parachute and jumps. The doctor says, "I save lives every day, so I deserve to live." He grabs a parachute and jumps. The lawyer says, "I am one of the smartest men in the world, so I deserve to live". He grabs one and jumps. So the priest turns to his grandson and says, "I have lived a long life and you have much more to live, so I want you to take the last parachute." His grandson says "It's okay grandpa, the smartest man in the world just took my backpack."
So Little Timmy is Playing with His Legos... ...when all of a sudden his mother comes up to him. She tells him "Timmy, when your father comes home can you tell him to come to our room? Tell him it's very very important". Timmy agrees and continues to play with his legos. A couple of hours later the father comes home and Timmy runs to him and says "Daddy! Mommy says she needs you go to your bedroom, she said it's very very important!". The father starts heading to the bedroom, but Timmy begins to get curious. He secretly follows his dad and waits for him to close the door. He peeks through the keyhole and sees his mom rip off all of her clothes. Standing there naked, she tells the father very bluntly "John. I want a baby". 9 months later, Timmy receives a new baby sister. A couple days at home pass and Timmy goes up to his mom. He tells her "Mommy, when daddy comes home can you tell him to come to my room? It's super important!". A couple hours pass and the father comes home and greets his wife and newborn. She then tells him "John, Timmy wants you to go to his room, he said it was important". The father heads to Timmy's room, and after walking in Timmy begins to rip off all of his clothes. Standing in front of his father naked, Timmy says very bluntly "Daddy. I want a bike".
Told to me today by a random toddler Her: Knock, knock Me: Who's there? Banana Banana who? Aren't you glad I didn't say orange? Best telling of that joke ever.
What script did the man with the longest penis get tattooed on his dick? TL;DR.
Amsterdam is a lot like the Tour de France. It's just a lot of people on drugs riding bikes.
What's the difference between a J.A.P, a whore, and a nympho in bed? A whore asks "Are you done yet?" A nympho screams "More! More! More!" And a J.A.P. (Jewish-American Princess) says "Beige, I think we'll paint the ceiling beige"
A Scottish man released a love song for his wife It's called for the sheep
Three Guys on a Lake Three guys were chilling on a beach, when one of them found a dirty bottle in the sand. He picked it up, rubbed the dirt off, and a genie came out. He said, "Alas, I am free from my eternal prison inside that dreaded bottle! I promised myself I would grant 3 wishes to whoever freed me. Since there are 3 of you, I will grant you each any one wish." They thought about it, and the first one stepped up to tell the genie what he wanted. He said, "My wife says I don't hit her G-Spot enough, so I wish I had a pointy dick." The genie replied, "Your wish is my command." He bobbed his head, and the 1st guy walked away smiling. The second one said, "My wife says that I don't stay hard long enough, so I wish I had a wooden dick, so I can be permanently hard." The genie bobbed his head, and the 2nd guy walked away happily. The last one said, "I wish I had a dick that I can extend however long I want. I want it to be so I can make it stretch." The genie bobbed his head, and the last one walked away smiling. However, the next day, they managed to find the genie again, and complained to him the results of their wishes. The 1st guy said, "You made my dick too pointy, and now my wife was stabbed to death!" The 2nd complained, "I gave my wife splinters with the rough wooden dick you gave me!" The last one was actually bragging. He said, "Hey guys! You see that girl across the lake? Ungh!"
Two penguins were sitting in bathtub... The first penguin says to the second penguin "Hey, could you pass me the soap?" The second penguin says "What do I look like, *a radio?*
Did you hear about the woman who had a face transplant... They had to use human foreskin for her eyelids. She's going to be a little cock'eyed for the rest of her life.
A captain is sent to a new company.... A sergeant shows him around. He points to the firing range and says, " This is where the men practice their shooting. It's also a great way to get rid of stress". The captain nods, then the sergeant points to the cafeteria and says, " This is where the men eat. It's also a great way to get rid of stress". After most of the tour is done, the captain notices a camel tied to a post. He asks " What's that camel for?" the sergeant answers " Well the men use to the camel to g.. " The captain interrupts him and says, " I get it, to get rid of stress, that's a bit disgusting if you ask me." The sergeant then brings him to his office, finishing the tour. A few months pass by, and the captain is getting sexually frustrated, he asked the sergeant to bring the camel in his office. He then proceeds to have sex with the camel the best way he could. When he was done he looks at the sergeant, who had a look of surprise in his eyes, and says "What? you never seen any of the men do this before?". The sergeant simply answers " Well, usually the men use the camel to go to town and find a hooker. It's great way to get rid of stress".
Why do men float? 'Cause they're all scum.
Two buddies are drinking at a bar.. .. having a good time. The older man mentions that he needs some relationship advice, that he has a big-time crush but isn't sure if they reciprocate. The younger guy encourages him, saying he just needs to communicate it or maybe booze dat ass up and see where things go. The older guy continues "We spend time together, the signals seem to be there but just can't seem to get to that next level. Just wondering if I need to be more... forceful." "Oh yeah! I know what you mean. Sometimes, that's the only way! Carpe Diem motha fucka!" "Ah" the older man says "That is helpful advice." The men continue to drink until the younger is sloppy drunk and needs help getting up and all the way home. The man helps him up to his room, helps him get into bed and turns out the light. The young guy, barely able to get out words, thanks the old man and asks "So how bout that chick of yours? You gonna go do whatcha gotta do to bang her now?" The man stares. "Who said anything about a chick?"
So A Rabbi is on an airplane... ... And it crashes on an island. He meets some "Trids", small fuzzy creatures, and joins their tribe, They warn him that every decade, a monster attacks them. Well, eventually, the monster attacks. The Rabbi pleads to the monster: "Please! Don't kick around these poor creatures! If you are to hurt anyone, let it be me." The monster looks him dead in the eye, and says: "Silly Rabbi! Kicks are for Trids!"
George and Mildred It was a pleasant, sunny afternoon in the park, full of Sunday revelers. George and Mildred were sitting together on a park bench, feeding the ducks. Mildred turned to George and said: "You know George, we've been together 29 years now, don't you think its about time we were getting married?" George stared reflectively into the distance and replied, "Aye, Lass, but who would have us?"
I used to know a joke about Jonestown... but the punchline's too long.
What do you call an ethiopian with a yeast infection? Quarter pounder with cheese
An Irish woman is 3 months pregnant... She gets into a car accident and falls into a coma. After nearly six months, she wakes up to find that she is no longer pregnant. Frantically, she asks the doctor about her baby. The doctor replies, "You had twins! A boy and a girl. The babies are grand. Luckily your brother named them!" "Oh no, not my brother, he's a feckin eejit!" she says. She asks the doctor, "Well, what's the girl's name?" "Denise," the doctor says. "That's not so bad, what's the boy's name?" she asks the doctor. "Denephew."
What's the difference between jam and marmalade? You can't marmalade your dick down a girls throat.
A priest, a rabbi, and a monk walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "Is this a joke?"
A cow went to war... But he didn't know what was at steak.
If the camera adds ten pounds.. Do African kids even exist?
How can you tell if you accidentally wandered into a gay bar? Everyone keeps offering to push your stool in
Check out this article: The
Here's a Cheesy Joke For You. Past, Present, and Future walked into a bar. It was Tense.
My math teacher thinks he is the mathsia... and that he has come to save us from our sines.
What do you call an obese psychic? A four chin teller.
Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide? sodium hypobromite
3 blondes in the forest. 3 blondes were walking in the forest one day. They saw a set of tracks and started arguing about what kind of tracks they were. The first blonde said, "I think they're deer tracks." The second blonde said, "I think they're dog tracks." The third blonde said, "Well, I think they're cow tracks." They were still arguing when the train hit them.
Everything is made in China, except for babies, they're made in VaChina!
What's your best Bear joke?
If you think "Pearl Jam" Is an oriental sex act, you might be a redneck
I'm currently on two different diets Because with just one I'm always hungry
The Pope and the most renowned Rabbi are having a discussion... ...But neither of them speak a common language, and they want the meeting to be private. So the two icons decide to attempted to speak in their own signs to communicate. The Pope starts by making a circular motion over with his hand The Rabbi responds by pointing down at the ground The Pope holds up 3 fingers The Rabbi holds up 1 The Pope took out the wine and wafers The Rabbi took out an apple Then the two went their separate ways, the priests talked with the Pope and asked, "Well? What happened?" "He had me beat at every turn," The Pope responded, "I waved my hand around to say God is everywhere and he pointed down to say God is here, I held up 3 fingers to symbolize the Father, the Son, and The Holy Ghost, He held up one to say There is one God. I showed him the Body and Blood of Christ, and he showed me an Apple to remind me of Eve's original sin." The Rabbi then went back to the other Rabbis and told of his experience "I don't quite know what happened," He said, "I waved his arm around to say 'Get out of here' so I pointed down to tell him I'm staying he gave me 3 seconds to get out so I gave him the finger, then he showed me his lunch so I showed him mine"
Old man Finklestein is dying. He was diagnosed with cancer a month ago, and had told no one but his dear wife, Sadie. It is a week before the doctors told him he would kick the bucket, and he had straightened out his will and finances, so he decided to tell his best friend, Mr. Ginsberg. When Mr. Ginsberg received the news, he was shocked. "Jake," he says. "You always seemed so healthy! Oy vey! Why do bad things happen to good people!" "I don't know, Moishe, but I have everything in order for my passing. I've consulted my Rabbi and said my prayers, and seen my accountant to know that Sadie will been taken care of after I'm gone. Is there anything you would like to do before I. . .go?" Mr. Ginsberg thinks, and decides that he just wants to go for a walk with his oldest friend. They walk through the park, and eventually have nothing left to discuss. Mr. Ginsberg, with a heavy heart, has to go home. He says goodbye to his dear friend Jake, and gives one last look behind him as they walk away. Much to his surprise, he sees old Mr. Finklestein going in to the church across the street! He runs over as fast as his old bones can carry him, and grips Mr. Finklestein by the elbow. "Jake! What are you doing? You just said you had consulted your Rabbi for guidance, not a priest! You were always the most religious Jew I had known, no less!" Mr. Ginsberg is obviously upset. "That's just it, Moishe, I'm converting." "Why on Earth-" "I only have a week to live, maybe less, Moishe old friend, and I've been doing some thinking. I figure, better one of them kick the bucket than one of us!" *An old joke that I was recently reminded of while reading one of Isaac Asimov's great joke books.*
A man climbed a mountain for the first time... and he wanted to know how long it would take for an object to fall down a cliff. He threw a pebble. It didn't make a sound. He looked for a bigger object, and threw a fist-sized rock. It too, refused to make a sound. He looked around for a bigger object. The man saw a steel pillar. He threw that off the cliff. Then a goat jumped off the cliff after the pillar. The man was confused. He was analyzing the situation when a farmer came by. "Hi," said the farmer. "Have you seen my goat anywhere?" The man replied, "I did see a goat; but it jumped off the cliff." The farmer exhaled in relief. "That's not my goat," he said. "My goat was tied to a steel pillar."
Where does a vampire go to buy his sheets and towels? Bloodbath&amp;Beyond
Just thought about it... (nsfw) My ex-boyfriend was 6'1". My current boyfriend is 6'3" ....height isn't the only 2 inch difference between them.
A Canadian, a Japanese and an American were out venturing the jungles of Africa... When they got caught trespassing by the natives in the area. The natives decided the penalty would be 100 spanks with a croquet bat. "But you each shall get one wish." said the Leader of the natives. The Canadian said "I want 6 pillows taped to my ass." and it was so. After the 70th spanking, the pillows fell apart and the Canadian had to take 30 spankings on his ass. "At least I am a very creative person," he muttered, on the edge of conscience. The Japanese saw this and said, "I want 6 mattresses taped to my ass." The spanking had no effect, and the Japanese was smiling. "I am a very intelligent person!" He laughed. When it was the American's turn to get spanked 100 times, he said "I want the Japanese's ass taped to my ass"
What do you call an arabian cop? Sher-if
Why did the blood-sucking bat hate the taste of blood? Because it was too irony.
A couple visits the mountains on their honeymoon... They were walking by and saw a sign for a helicopter tour. The man turns to his wife and says, "What do you think, honey? Want to give it a try? It's only fifteen dollars" "I don't think so, dear." She replies. "We just got married and don't have a whole lot of money and fifteen dollars is fifteen dollars." A couple of decades later the couple returns the mountains, and again pass the sign for a helicopter tour. The man turns to his wife and says, "What do you think honey? Want to give it a try? It's only fifteen dollars?" "I don't think so, dear." She replied. "We've got two children in college, money is tight and fifteen dollars is fifteen dollars." A couple more decades pass and the couple are now elderly and visiting the mountains again for their anniversary and again pass the sign for a helicopter tour. The man turns to his wife and says, "What do you think, honey? Want to give it a try? It's only fifteen dollars." "I don't think so, dear." She replies. "We're living on social security now, so money is tight and fifteen dollars is fifteen dollars." The owner of the tours overhears their conversation and says, "I tell ya what. I'll let you go for free, but if you make any kind of sound, you've gotta pay full price." So they go and the pilot does all he can to make the couple make some kind of sound, turning the helicopter this way and that but he never hears a sound. After they land he said to the husband, "I tried everything I could to get you guys to make some kind of sound, but you didn't and so the ride was free." The man replies, "Well, I thought about saying something when Mildred fell out but fifteen dollars is fifteen dollars."
So, I'm in the stall of a public bathroom... ...And this guy comes in. First thing he does is belch extremely loudly. Twice. Walks to the urinal, starts obnoxiously banging his fist on the wall; I guess trying to make some sort of shitty beat. Farts, finishes, and leaves. No washing his hands or anything. All I can think is "Wow, I don't understand how someone could be so gross: Especially in a public place." So, I finish masturbating and get the hell out of there.
A handsome black guy picks up a woman at the bar They leave and go back to the woman's place for some drinks and soon things start to get hot and heavy. They start making out and as the black guy is kissing her neck she suddenly shouts out in pleasure, "SHOW ME THAT IT'S TRUE WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT BLACK MEN!" So he stabs her and runs off with her purse.
A priest and a farmer are playing a round of golf. On the first hole, the priest clasps his hands, says a prayer and shoots a hole-in-one. When it's the farmers turn, he shoots and the ball ends up in the woods. The farmer is furious and screams: "Goddammit I missed". The priest tells him "If you curse one more time, god will punish you". On the second hole, the priest clasps his hands, says a prayer and shoots another hole-in-one. When it's the farmers turn, he shoots and this ball also ends up in the woods. He screams "Goddammit I missed" A loud rumble is heard and lightning strikes the *priest*. Shortly after, a voice is heard from above the clouds saying "Goddammit I missed"
I've been shoveling manure all day So don't give me any bullshit.
Gone Fishin A woman is in bed with her lover who also happens to be her husband's best friend. They make love for hours, and afterwards, while they're just laying there, the phone rings. Since it is the woman's house, she picks up the receiver. Her lover looks over at her and listens, only hearing her side of the conversation... (She is speaking in a cheery voice) "Hello? Oh, hi. I'm so glad that you called. Really? That's wonderful. I am so happy for you. That sounds terrific. Great! Thanks. Okay. Bye bye." She hangs up the telephone and her lover asks, "Who was that?" "Oh" she replies, "That was my husband telling me all about the wonderful time he's having on his fishing trip with you."
Are my ..... A male patient is lying in bed at a hospital with an oxygen mask over his face and still heavily sedated from more than four hours of operation. A young female nurse appears to sponge his hands and feet. Patient: "Nurse" (he feebly mumbles from behind the mask) "are my testicles black?" Embarrassed young nurse: "I don't know, I'm only here to wash your hands and feet." Patient (struggles again to ask): "Nurse, Please, Are my testicles black?" Finally, she removes his covers, lifts his gown, takes a close look and says: "There is nothing wrong with them!" Patient (slowly after removing his oxygen mask): "That was very nice but listen very, closely  ARE...MY...TEST...RESULTS...BACK?"
Theres a new STD for birds.. It's called Chirpes. And the worst part? Its untweetable.
How do drown a hipster? In the main steam
What's Irish and sits on a deck? Patty O'Furniture
Irishman in confession An Irishman goes into the confessional box after years of being away from the Church. There's a fully equipped bar with Guinness on tap. On the other wall is a dazzling array of the finest cigars and chocolates. Then the priest comes in. "Father, forgive me, for it's been a very long time since I've been to confession, but I must first admit that the confessional box is much more inviting than it used to be." The priest replies, "Get out. You're on my side."
Next time somebody tries to argue using statistics.... Remind them that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
Alright let's hear them. Your best and favorite knock knock jokes. Me: I have a great knock knock joke, but you have to start it. Person: Knock knock Me: Who's there
In the year 2013, the Lord appeared unto Noah, who was now living in America, and said: "Once again, the earth has become wicked and overpopulated, and I see the end of all flesh before me. Build another Ark and save two of every living thing, along with a few good humans." He gave Noah the blueprints, saying, "You have 6 months to build the Ark before I bring about unending rain for 40 days and 40 nights." 6 months later, the Lord looked down and saw Noah weeping in his yard - but no Ark. "NOAH!" He roared. "I'm about to start the rain!" "Forgive me, Lord," begged Noah, "but times have changed: * I needed a building permit. * I've been arguing with the Boat Inspector about the need for a sprinkler system. * My neighbors claim that I've violated the neighborhood by-laws by building the Ark in my back yard and exceeding the height limitations. We had to go to the local Planning Committee for a decision. * The local Council and the Electric Company demanded a shed load of money for the future costs of moving power lines and other obstructions, to clear the passage for the Ark's move to the sea. I told them the sea would come to us, but they wouldn't hear it. * Getting wood was a problem. There is a ban on cutting local trees in order to save the Greater Spotted Barn Owl. I told the environmentalists that I needed the wood to save the owls - but no go! * When I started gathering the animals PETA and the ASPCA took me to court. They insisted that I was confining the animals against their will. They argued the accommodations were too restrictive, and it was cruel and inhumane to put so many animals in such a confined space. * Then the EPA ruled that I couldn't build the Ark until they'd conducted an environmental impact study on Your proposed flood. * I'm still trying to resolve a complaint with the Human Rights Commission on how many minorities I'm supposed to hire for my building crew. * The Immigration Department is checking the visa status of most of the people who want to work. * The trade unions say I can't use my sons. They insist I have to hire only Union workers with Ark-building experience. * To make matters worse, the IRS seized all my assets, claiming I'm trying to leave the country illegally with endangered species. "So forgive me, Lord, but it would take at least 10 years for me to finish this Ark!" Suddenly, the skies cleared, the sun began to shine, and a rainbow stretched across the sky. Noah looked up in wonder and asked, "You mean you're not going to destroy the world?" "No," replied the Lord. "The government beat me to it."
Whale joke How do you circumcise a whale? You send down four skin divers!
Doctor Joe had slept with one of his patients and had felt guilty all day long. No matter how much he tried to forget about it, he couldn't. The guilt and sense of betrayal was overwhelming. But every once in a while he'd hear that soothing voice, within himself, trying to reassure him. "Joe, don't worry about it. You aren't the first doctor to sleep with one of their patients and you won't be the last. And you're single. Let it go." But invariably the other voice would bring him back to reality: "Joe, you're a vet."
A middle aged couple had gotten their tax return . . . and they were arguing over how to spend it. The husband wanted to spend it on a new set of golf clubs, while the wife insisted they use it to buy a new dishwasher. Seeing they were getting nowhere, the husband suggested, "All right, let's make a bet. Whoever has the hairiest chest gets the money. Deal?" "Deal!" said the wife. She then promptly lifted her skirt, removed her panties and said smugly, "I win!" "That's not a chest!" insisted the husband. "Oh no?" said the wife. "Before we got married it was your hope chest. Since we've been married you've used is for your tool chest. And if I don't get that dishwasher, it's going to be a community chest!"
A chemical engineer, a mechanical engineer, and a computer scientist are on a road trip... A chemical engineer, a mechanical engineer, and a computer scientist are on a road trip when all of a sudden their car breaks down. They pull over to the side of the road and start hypothesizing what is wrong. The chemical engineer says "It's probably something wrong with the catalytic converter." The mechanical engineer says "It's probably something wrong with the engine." The computer scientist says "Let's get out, get back in, and see if it starts!"
A salesman rings the doorbell...
So I'm in business... "What's your business?" "I make Helium Balloons" "Oh cool, and how's business?" "It rises with inflation." Thank you and good night. What are some of your favourite I'm in business jokes?
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey He orders a drink and while he's drinking, the monkey starts jumping all over the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them, then grabs some sliced limes and eats them, then jumps up on the pool table, grabs the cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole. The bartender screams at the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?" The guy says, "No, what?" "He just ate the cue ball off my pool table - whole!" says the bartender. "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replies the patron. "He eats everything in sight, the little Shit. I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff." He finishes his drink, pays his bill, and leaves. Two weeks later he's in the bar again, and he has his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again. While the man is drinking, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it. The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" "Now what?" asks the patron? "Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it!" says the barkeeper. "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replies the patron. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate that damn cue ball he measures everything first!"
How come Miss Piggy couldn't talk? She had a frog in her throat.
The Voice A guy is at work when he hears a voice in his head. Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money, and go to Las Vegas. He ignores the voice, but it keeps coming back. Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money,and go to Las Vegas. Months go by, and the voice won't stop. Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money, and go to Las Vegas. Finally the guy can't take it anymore. He quits his job. He sells his house. He takes all the money and buys a plane ticket to Las Vegas. The second the plane touches down, he hears the voice in his head: Go to a casino. He goes to a casino. Find the roulette table. He finds the roulette table. Put everything on 17 Black. He puts everything on 17 Black. The dealer spins the wheel. It comes up Red 36. The voice in his head says: Fuck.
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the Feds? A small medium at large.
What do chickens say? Cock-a-doodle-doo What does a chicken in the bathroom say? Doodle-doodle-cock What does a gay chicken say? Any-cock'll-do
One-liners for when you're leaving - example: "I'm going to make like a baby, and head out." I also use "Let's make like a chapped-ass, and split." What are some other good ones?
Joke I just made up! Setup: Hey, (name) did you hear about that new executive order President Obama signed? ....wait for some answer...reply something that make's sense, but also adds or interjects Punchline: It reads, "From this day forward, all dildos and vibrators shall be in the shape of only my, "president Barrack Obama's penis. .....I Guess he figured he wasn't fucking the world up enough already
I was reminiscing at my old school's library... looking back at my shelf.
I can see your house from here Two guys are hunting in the woods. One says, "Hey I can see your house from here. Oh shit your wife's cheating on you!" The other one turns and says, "You know what? I've had it with her. Shoot her in the head and shoot him in the dick." "Okay. I can get that in one shot."
Why did the medium cross the road? To get to the other side.
What do you guys think of message boards? ....I'm all forum.
What is the last sound you hear before a pubic hair hits the floor? PTEWIE!
Yuppie buys a house in the country A Yuppie decides to buy a plot of land in the countryside and build a house. Unfortunately, his neighbor is an old farmer who likes to spread his cows' manure on his fields every time the Yuppie throws a backyard cookout. So one day the Yuppie sees the farmer and lets him know that he's going to have one of his cookouts the coming Sunday, and asks the farmer if he could delay his spraying until the next day. The farmer thinks about it for a second, and then replies "Yup, I can certainly see how you city folks might be bothered by the smell of cow manure. But did it ever occur to you how my cows felt about the smell of your bar-b-que?
It was so hot in Florida on New Years... ...the ball in Times Square wasn't the only one that dropped.
Painful A group of guys and girls are sitting together at a ball game. During the game one of the guys notices that one girl knows just as much about the game as they do, and he's really impressed. After the game he asks her, "how is it that you know so much about baseball?" The girl says, "Well, I used to be a guy and got a sex change." The guy is amazed, but very curious about the process. "What was the most painful part of the process? Was it when they cut off your penis?" "That was very painful, but was not the most painful part." "Was it when they cut off your balls?" "That was very painful, but was not the most painful part." "What was the most painful part?" "The part that hurt the most was when they... cut my salary in half!"
What are the sickest rock layers? The ones with diabases.
Why doctors are so expensive Cindy was having a lot of pain in her stomach, so she went to the doctors to get it looked at. She was told she needed minor surgery to remove a growth, and that the operation would take 15 minutes. The surgery went well with no complications, but when Cindy was shocked to find out that the bill was $1,000. She yelled the doctor "Why is this bill so high? The operation only took 15 minutes?" The doctor says "I'll tell you what, I'll charge you $100 for the cut, and $900 for knowing where to cut"
Political Satire If con is the opposite of pro, then what's the opposite of progress? Also, opposite of consitution.
Don't you hate... Don't you hate when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it testicles?
Why did the Chicken cross the road? Because the farmer left the chicken hatch open
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken.
A man walks into a bar for a drink... ...up on the top floor of a fancy building. He sits down at the bar and orders a high end beer. As he's drinking, he notices a bum sitting in a dark corner at the end of the bar starring at him. He gives the bum a dirty look and shakes his head before returning to his drink. Suddenly the bum yells to the bartender "Bartender! Give me a Super-Double-Decker-Extreme!" Alright says the bartender as he pulls out a foot tall shot glass and fills it full of different liquors from all over the world. He shakes it up, pulls out an unmarked vial and adds just one drop and POOF! The bubbly concoction is done. The bum takes the drink, downs it in one gulp, jumps up on the bar and screams "WHOO I FEEL LIKE I CAN FLY!" he runs to the window, jumps out, flys around the building three times, lands in the window, and returns to his seat looking utterly satisfied. The man can't believe his eyes! He turns to the bartender and says "Please bartender, please, you must make me that drink!" "No" replies the bartender, "you don't want that buddy." "Please!" the man begs "I'll pay any price just make me that Super-Duper drink please!" "ok..." says the bartender as he pulls out a foot tall shot glass. He mixes it full of liquors from all over the world, shakes it up, pulls out an unmarked vial, adds one drop and POOF! The bubbly concoction is complete. He sets it in front of the man who immediately takes the glass, downs it in one gulp, jumps up and yells "I CAN FLY!" He runs to the window, jumps out, falls twenty stories to the ground and SPLAT! Dead. The bartender shakes his head, looks at the bum and says, "You know, your a real ass-hole when your drunk Superman."
A young, recently married Italian couple immigrates to New York... ...and after three months of marriage, the wife, Maria, presents the husband, Ernesto, with divorce papers. Lawyers get involved, and eventually they are sitting in a meeting with each other's lawyers. Ernesto's lawyer asks Maria: Maria, why do you want to divorce Ernesto? Maria says "Two reasons! One, he-a is always-a picking at-a his nose! Day and night! It's-a disgusting! And-a two, he-a never wants to make love with-a me on-a top! Always Ernesto on top! Why no Maria on top?!" Ernesto's lawyer looks at Ernesto and asks him if he'd like to explain himself. Ernesto clears his throat. "Look-a. When we were a-leaving to a-come to this country, my papa takes-a me aside and he says, he says 'Ernesto, no matter whatta you do in America, keep your nose clean, and DON'T SCREW UP!"
Why do seagulls fly over the sea Because if they flew over the bay then they would be bagels
Golf and vino 70 year old Luigi goes to his doctor for an annual check-up. The doctor is amazed at what good shape Luigi is in and asks, 'How do you stay in such great physical condition?' I'm Italian and a golfer' says Luigi, 'and that's why I'm in such good shape. I'm up well before daylight and out golfing up and down the fairways. I have a glass of vino, and all is well.' 'Well,' says the doctor, 'I'm sure that helps, but there's got to be more to it. How old was your Dad when he died?' 'Who said my Dad's dead?' The doctor is in amazement. 'You mean you're 70 years old and your Dad's still alive. How old is he?' 'He's 90 years old,' says Luigi. 'In fact he golfed with me this morning, and then we went to the beach for a walk and had a little vino and that's why he's still alive. He's Italian and he's a golfer, too.' 'Well,' the doctor says, 'that's great, but I'm sure there's more to it than that. How about your Dad's Dad? How old was he when he died?' 'Who said my grandpa's dead?' Absolutely stunned, the doctor asks, 'You mean you're 70 years old and your grandfather's still living! Incredible, how old is he?' 'He's 108 years old,' says Luigi. The doctor is getting frustrated at this point, 'So, I guess he went golfing with you this morning too?' 'No. Grandpa couldn't go this morning because he's getting married today.' At this point the doctor is close to losing it. 'Getting married; why would a 108 year old guy want to get married?' 'Who said he wanted to?'
Fisherman's secret A man is fishing at his favorite fishing spot very early in the morning. After several hours without catching anything he notices a small small Chinese man walking towards the waterfront. "Don't bother" the fisherman says, They're not biting at all today." The Chinese man simply smiles and continues walking towards the water. When he arrives at the waterfront the Chinese man kneels down, sticks 2 fingers in the water and to the fisherman's surprise catches a very large fish within seconds. The Chinese man takes his fish and walks back past the baffled fisherman saying: "This'll make a nice lunch". More determined by the Chinese man's catch, the fisherman deploys multiple tactics in trying to catch a nice big fish. But he is unsuccessful.. But to his surprise after some hours the Chinese man returns and once again sticks 2 fingers in the water. Once again he catches a huge fish within seconds. He walks past the fisherman again, smiles and says: This'll make a nice stew for dinner!" Even more determined by the Chinese man's catch, the fisherman uses everything he knows in trying to catch a nice big fish. But once again he is unsuccessful.. At the end of the afternoon the Chinese man returns to the waterfront and obviously impressed with the Chinese man's previous success the fisherman asks the man to tell him his secret. "Well, It's really a bit embarrassing", the small Chinese man says. "But if you really want to know I'll tell you" The fisherman, now begging, persuades the Chinese man. OK then, the Chinese man says "The secret is to put your 2 fingers in your wifes private parts... When you then hold your fingers in the water afterwards, fish will find it irresistible." The fisherman immediately returns home and finds his wife in the kitchen, bending over to put that evening's dinner in the oven. Without hesitation he jams his fingers down his wifes private parts and she shouts: "Ooh, my horny little Chinaman, back again already?"
What's your opinion on the mobius strip debate? I find it a tad one-sided.
Golf with the boss A man and his boss skip work one weekday afternoon for a round of golf. They tee off at 1:00 and after 2 holes they catch up to a twosome of women. The women are playing unbearably slowly. After waiting nearly an hour to play a hole, the men discuss how to get around these slow-playing women. They try yelling to them, to no avail. When the men reach the 4th tee, a par 3, they wait another 30 minutes while one of the girls takes 10 shots to get out of a sand trap. The boss says to his subordinate, "I'm going to take a ride up there in the cart and ask if we can play through." The boss gets about 50 yards from the green and abruptly turns around and drives back to the tee. The subordinate asks, "What happened? Why didn't you say anything to them?" The boss says, "I got about 50-60 yards away, and I could tell that the two women were my wife and my mistress." The subordinate says, "We ain't got all day. Let me go talk with them." So he drives up, gets about 50 yards away, and abruptly turns around. When he gets back to the tee, he says, "Unbelievable. What a fucking coincidence."
Canadian Joke: How was Terry Fox like Hitler? He couldn't finish a race either.
The other day I heard that photons have mass Who would have thought that they we catholic?
What is the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom? A pickpocket snatches watches...
Environmentally friendly pyjamas A little girl is visiting her grandparents. Her grandma tells her to go brush her teeth, and put on her pyjamas. The girl brushes her teeth and hops into bed, but completely naked. Grandma is quite taken aback, and asks the girl why she's not wearing pyjamas. "Oh, I *am* wearing pyjamas! They're the special *environmentally friendly* ones" the girl replies, with a wink. Grandma decides to take her chances. She gets into bed, butt naked, and cuddles up to Grandad. "Why are you naked?" he asks. "I'm not naked, I'm wearing those special *environmentally friendly* pyjamas" she says, coyly. Grandad shudders. "You could have at least ironed them."
Why a fourth time? A woman in her eighties made the evening news because she was getting married for the fourth time. The following day she was being interviewed by a local TV station, and the commentator asked about what it felt to be married again at that age and would she share part of her previous experiences, since it seem quite unique the fact that her new husband was a funeral director.' After a short time to think, a smile came to her face and she proudly explained that she had first married a banker when she was in her twenties, in her forties she married a circus ring master, and in her sixties she married a pastor and now in her eighties, a funeral director. The amazed commentator asked her why she had married men with such diverse careers. With a smile on her face she explained, I married one for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go.'
What do you call a Reddit Psychic? A 4chan teller
Male Logic A wife asks her husband, "Could you please go shopping for me and buy one carton of milk and if they have avocados, get 6." A short time later the husband comes back with 6 cartons of milk. The wife asks him, "Why did you buy 6 cartons of milk?" He replied, "They had avocados." If you're a woman, I'm sure you're going back to read it again!
Yo mama so fat... That when she sat on a Nokia phone it broke
A very drunk man gets kicked out of a bar... A very drunk man gets kicked out of a bar. He stumbles down the street and happens upon a nun walking the other direction. Out of nowhere, he sucker punches her and knocks her to the ground. He continues to beat her up until she's unconscious. He takes a step back, looks at her, and says, "Not so cocky now, are you batman?!"
The new stars wars episode has been named Episode seven: return of the lens flair
Why do priests cry during sex? There's no telling.
Skin divers How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a blue whale Four
JOB OPPORTUNITY: Riot police officers needed. Interviews are being held tomorrow. Come early.... ....beat the crowd.
A guy walks into a bar, and the bartender looks up and says... "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Heaven Three guys are at the gates of heaven. The angel Gabriel tells them that he has to know how they died before he lets them in. The first guy says "I came home to my apartment on the 4th floor to find that I had been robbed! I was looking around to see if the thief left any signs, and check out the damage, and I saw someone outside the balcony hanging for their life. Thinking they were the thief, I smashed their fingers with a hammer and they fell. Miraculously, they survived. So I pushed my refrigerator off the balcony and it fell on top of them and killed them. Realizing what I had done, I had a heart attack and died. Gabriel says "Well, you obviously were in shock, and you clearly were remorseful, so I'll let you in." The second guy says "I was doing pull-ups on my 5th floor balcony railing when I slipped underneath the rail and fell. Luckily I managed to grab onto the 4th floor railing and was hanging on for dear life when this crazy guy ran up and started pounding at my fingers with a hammer. I fell to the street below, but miraculously I survived. The last thing I saw was him pushing his fridge off the balcony, and it fell on me and killed me." Gabriel says "Although you were reckless, it wasn't your intent, so go on in." The third guy says "I was robbing this guys apartment, and heard him unlocking the door, so I jumped into the fridge."
Today a cartoonist was found dead at home. Details are sketchy.
What's white on top and black on the bottom? Society
Wanna hear a joke about my penis? Nah, that would be too long anyway.
New Age Sex My girlfriend and I had enjoyed sex in a wide variety of positions over many years. However, we realised that no matter what the position, one of us would always be in the more dominant role. Then we found out about a New Age sexual position. Both partners kneel facing each other, and the man then enters the woman. With this position, neither person is dominant. Two can become one in equality and love. And not only do two bodies merge, but two souls also entwine. My girlfriend and I like to try this position often, with one little twist - I like to climax all over her breasts to finish off.
what does a Nazi turkey say? "Goebbles Goesbbles"
A pirate with a steering wheel on his crotch walks into a bar The bartender says, "You know you have a steering wheel attached to your crotch?" And the pirate replies, "Arrr, it's driving me nuts!"
MAST JOKES:      NICE JOKES HERE http://mastjoks.blogspot.in/2013/01/blog-post_6225.html#.UQPwWr-kpkg
What's green, slimey and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
The painters I just got my house painted, and they gave me a bill that said $0. I asked them, "Why aren't you charging me for the paint?" They said, "Don't worry about it, it's on the house."
Wow, carbon dating has improved in recent years! A museum visitor was admiring a Tyrannosaurus fossil, and asked a nearby museum employee how old it was. "That skeleton's sixty-five million and three years, two months and eighteen days old," the employee replied. "How can you know it that well?" she asked. "Well, when I started working here, I asked a scientist the exact same question, and he said it was sixty-five million years oldand that was three years, two months and eighteen days ago."
Did you hear about the Italian chef? He pasta way :(
Egyptian fisherman what did the egyptian fisherman say to the other egyptian fisherman after his wife had died? I'm in de-nile
What's the difference between a leprechaun and a hooker with 5 STD's? Well one of them is a cunning runt.
My experience at the doctor's.... So I went to the doctor's office today and he told me I had to stop jerking off. I asked why. He said "Because I need to give you your physical."
What does the south call friends with benefits? Cousins.....
A man was sitting next to the Pope on an airplane. The Pope was doing a crossword puzzle. Suddenly, the Pope turns to the man and asks, "My son, do you know a four letter word referring to a woman?" The man, having just gotten out of a terrible relationship, could easily think of one, but he knew the Pope wouldn't appreciate it. Instead, he says, "Father, the word you are looking for is 'aunt'." "Ah," said the Pope. "I don't suppose you have an eraser?"
What's the difference between a baby and an ounce of Coke? Eric Clapton would never drop an ounce of Coke out of a window
Why couldn't the fruit get married? They cantaloupe
Where does a legged waitress work? IHOP.
How did the math teacher solve her constipation problem? She worked it out with a pencil.
Why did Mozart get rid of his chickens? Because they kept saying "Bach, bach, bach"
Say What You Will About Getting Shot But it always starts off with a bang.
What do you call a dog in the library? A hush puppy.
Popsicle stick chemistry joke How did the gangster know the drug dealer was selling him a bad batch if meth? He said : "Nah amine"
Two guys were waiting for the train at a busy train station... bored by the wait, the first guy decides to have fun. He gazes across the distance and spots a lonely bald man and challenges his friend to go smack him on his head for twenty bucks. The second guy accepts the challenge. He goes behind the bald guy and slaps the man behind his shiny bald head - "Hey James what are you doing here in this town?" The man utterly confused and mad - "Do I know you? " the second guy apologizes for mistaking him for his friend James and goes back to claim his twenty bucks. The first guy was quite surprised that he pulled it off...then he makes it even more challenging. "I'll give you fifty bucks if you hit that guy again on his head." His friend accepts the challenge again and goes to the side of the person and smacks him on the back of his head. "James you Motherf***er, you are just messing with me pretending to not recognize me..we met at Chuck's bachelor party, we had a great time together, don't you remember?" The poor man was furious and he yells that his name is not James and he doesn't know him. He collects his stuff and moves to some other part of the station. The guy goes back and collects his fifty bucks from his friend. Amazed by the feat, the first guy challenges the second guy to a Hundred bucks if he hits the same guy on his shiny bald head again for the third time! The second guy thinks for a while but decides to go find the guy sitting further down the station. Sneaking from behind he smacks him on his head and yells "James, you are sitting here. I had been bothering this other guy that looked just like you! how are you doing man?" The poor man was speechless...
What did the hookers hang on the christmas tree? Whore-naments
Is a Rhino Liner something you wear in your underpants when you have the Rhinovirus?
I don't like my computer memory. Not one bit.
What do spinach and butt sex have in common? If you were forced to have them as a kid, you probably won't like them as an adult.
Man with a Goat under his arm is standing in the doorway of the master bedroom looking at his wife who is on the bed reading a book. He says "this is the cunt I fuck when you have a headache". The wife looks up from her book and says "that is a goat". The man replies "I'm not talking to you!"
Condoms. A man goes to the pharmacy. He asks the pharmacist for a black condom. The pharmacist says, "I'm sorry, but I don't think they exist." "Find one." The man says. "I've seen them, I know that they exist." The pharmacist promises to look, but doesn't believe he'll find anything. Three days later the man gets a call. It's the pharmacist saying, "I don't believe it but I found a black condom. Come pick it up." The man comes to the pharmacy. He picks up the condom, but the pharmacist says, "I must ask, why did it have to be black?" The man replies, "I have to give my condolences to my best friend's widow."
How did the farmer figure out how much milk he had? He used cowculus!
I decided to tell a gay joke but.... I decided to tell a gay joke but then I saw you walk into the room and I decided not to. You're always the butt end of the joke.
Poverty and Chastity In January I spent a couple of days at a Benedictine monastery in California. It was a gorgeous place, with a courtyard garden full of fragrant orange trees and a retreat house full of antiques. When I first came through the door, one of the brothers glided up to me and said, "I know what you're thinking: 'If this is poverty, I can't wait to see chastity!" Like a good chef, always cite your sauces: http://www.religion-online.org/showarticle.asp?title=574
Purple Flower One day in school, little Timmy is sitting in class. Somewhere around the middle of class, Timmy's friend Jimmy leans over to him and whispers "I dare you to say purple flower' to the teacher." Timmy thinks "What's the worst that could happen?" and goes for it. He raises his hand and the teacher calls on him. "Purple flower," he says. The teacher goes red in the face and yells "I won't tolerate that kind of language in my classroom. You're going to the principal's office." So Timmy, a little confused stands up and slowly walks to the principal's office. He enters the principal's office and the secretary tells him to take a seat. After a few minutes of waiting the secretary tells him he can go in. he sits down. The principal looks up from his computer and asks "why are you here?" To which Timmy replies "my teacher sent me." The principal asks "why did she send you to me?" Timmy says "well I think it's because I said purple flower." The principal is aghast. "How dare you use that language in my school! You're expelled!" Timmy doesn't know what to do so he just goes home. When he gets home, his mother asks "Why are you home so early?" Timmy says "well my teacher sent me to the principal's office and the principal expelled me." Timmy's mom is pretty angry that her son got himself expelled, but she asks, in a calm voice "why did the principal expel you?" "Well I can't be sure, but I think it's because I said purple flower." His mother gasps in amazement that her son could be so vulgar "I won't tolerate that language in my kitchen. go see your father!" Timmy finds his father sitting in his easy chair reading the morning paper. his dad looks up, grunts and goes back to reading the paper. a half second later, his dad jolts from his paper and looks at his son. "What the hell to you think you're doing home so early?" "Well my teacher sent me to the principal who expelled me, then when i got home, mom told me to see you." "What did you do?" "As far as i can tell, this is all because i said purple flower." "I wont tolerate that language! You think you can come home early and speak like that to your parents? Ill teach you to respect your elders. Pack your things and go. You can come back when you've learned some decency." And with that, Timmy was sent to the streets. Just as Timmy was starting to think about what he was going to do, a police officer came up to him and asked "what are you doing on the street son?" "Well my teacher sent me to the principal's office and then i got expelled. When i got home, my mom sent me to my dad who threw me out into the street." "That seems a little harsh," said the police officer, "What did you do to deserve that?" "I said purple flower" "I won't tolerate that kind of language in my streets! I'm taking you to court." So Timmy goes to court, and when he comes in front of the judge, the judge asks "why are you here?" "It's kind of a long story." "I got all the time in the world sonny." "Well, if you must know, my teacher sent me to the principal's office and the principal expelled me. So i went home and my mom sent me to my dad who threw me out on the street which is where the lovely police officer found me and brought me here." "What did you do?" "I said purple flower." The court is in chaos. The judge bangs her gavel and yells "I won't tolerate that language in my court house! I'm sending you to state court." Timmy reluctantly goes to state court and the judge there says "why are you here?" "Well my teacher sent me to the principal's office and he expelled me. when i got home, my mom sent me to my dad who threw me out on the street where a police officer picked me up and sent me to county court and the county judge sent me here." "What did you do?" "I said purple flower" The reaction of the audience is much the same, there is an uproar and much gavel banging. "I won't tolerate that language in my court house. I'm sending you to the supreme court." Timmy gets on a bus that takes him to the supreme court building. The supreme court justice asks him "Why are you here?" Timmy replies "Well my teacher sent me to the principal's office and he expelled me. when i got home, my mom sent me to my dad who threw me out on the street where a police officer picked me up and sent me to county court and the county judge sent me to state court and the state judge sent me here." "What did you do?" "I said purple flower." "I won't tolerate that language in this courthouse. You disgrace your country with your sailors tongue. I sentence you to five years in Mexican prison." Timmy gets on a bus with a bunch of other criminals headed to the Mexican prison. They arrive and Timmy gets locked in his cell. He gets out in four years on good behavior. As he leaves the prison, he encounters a middle aged Mexican woman. She asks him what he's doing. "Well my teacher sent me to the principal's office and he expelled me. when i got home, my mom sent me to my dad who threw me out on the street where a police officer picked me up and sent me to county court and the county judge sent me to state prison and the state judge sent me to the supreme court and the supreme court justice sent me to Mexican prison for five years but i got out in four for good behavior." "Well what did you do?" "i'm not sure i wan't to tell you. i seem to just get in more trouble every time i explain it." "You can tell me. I won't tell anybody," she says. "i said purple flower." "Oooohh I know all about that." "So you can tell me what it means?" he asks anxious to know why it's been causing him so much trouble. The suspense is almost too much for him to handle. "No i can't tell you," she says, crushing his hopes, "but i can tell you how to find out." "Please i'll do anything." he says. "So from here you're going to want to go about a mile down the road, and you'll come to a fork, stay left and keep on it for a ways. then you take the third left and the second right on that street. You'll cross a bridge and go immediately right. follow the road by the river until you come to a big building that says "library" on the front. Go inside and on the third floor, aisle "G", on the fourth shelf you'll find an old red, worn leather book. Open it and go to page 85. The third paragraph down you'll find out what purple flower means. So Timmy sets off down the road. About a mile he comes to a fork in the road and stays left. he takes the third left and the second right. he comes to a bridge and crosses it. he walks along the path by the river and across the street he sees a big building that says "library" on the front. He takes two eager steps across the street and gets hit by a bus.
Did you hear about the kidnapping on the bus? He woke up.
I just got back from my best friend's funeral. He died after being hit on the head with a tennis ball. It was a lovely service.
The missing sugar bowl Mrs. Fisher comes to visit her son Jacob for dinner. He lives with a female roommate, Rachel. During the course of the meal, his mother couldn't help but notice how pretty Jacob's roommate was. She had long been suspicious of a relationship between the two, and this had only made her more curious. Over the course of the evening, while watching the two interact, she started to wonder if there was more between Jacob and his roommate than met the eye. Reading his mom's thoughts, Jacob volunteered, 'I know what you must be thinking, but I assure you, Rachel and I are just roommates.' About a week later, Rachel came to Jacob saying, 'Ever since your mother came to dinner, I've been unable to find the silver sugar bowl. You don't suppose she took it, do you?' Well, I doubt it, but I'll email her, just to be sure.' So he sat down and wrote an email: Dear Mama, I'm not saying that you 'did' take the sugar bowl from my house; I'm not saying that you 'did not' take it. But the fact remains that it has been missing ever since you were here for dinner. Love, Jacob' Several days later, Jacob received a response email from his Mama which read: Dear Son, I'm not saying that you 'do' sleep with Rachel, and I'm not saying that you 'do not' sleep with her. But the fact remains that if she was sleeping in her OWN bed, she would have found the sugar bowl by now. Love, Mama'
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
I was making Ewok for dinner but I cooked it too long and it was like, a little Chewy. -- (Wil Shipley)
SEO Expert walks into a bar... An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, beer garden, hangout, lounge, night club, mini bar, tavern, pub, beer, wine, whiskey...
MAST JOKES:    http://mastjoks.blogspot.com/2013/01/blog-post_7068.html#.UQVQ48OF1Jc.reddit
Russia's most prolific musician? JOHN LENIN
My friend just told me he has a chocolate lab. Turns out it's a dog, not a place. Bummer.
The answer A chicken and an egg are lying in bed. The chicken takes out a cigarette and begins to smoke. The egg, pissed off, takes one look at the chicken, rolls over and pulls the blanket over him and says, "I guess we answered that question!"
Sex after surgery A surgeon went to check on his patient after an operation. "You'll be fine," he said. She asked ... "How long will it be before I am able to have a normal sex life again doctor?" The surgeon seemed to pause, and a small tear ran down his cheek from the corner of his eye, which alarmed the girl. "What's the matter Doctor? I will be all right, won't I?" He replied ... "Yes, you'll be fine. It's just that no one has ever asked me that after having their tonsils out."
Lost in the Woods A reporter is doing a story on the life of a farmer. The first man she meets seems friendly enough, so she decides to interview him. "What would you say your best memory is as a farmer?" she asked. "Well, I would have to say it was when John down the road lost his pig in the woods, so we found it, raped it, and brought it back." "Oh. Okay..." obviously the reporter could not use that, so she tries again. "What was your next best memory as a farmer?" "Well, one day my cow, Bessie, got lost in the woods. We found her, raped her and brought her back" ...that couldn't be used either of course, so the reporter thinks for a bit, and asks "What was your least favorite memory as a farmer?" "Um. Well one night I got really drunk, and found myself lost in the woods..."
How many women with PMS does it take to change a... just SHUT UP, OKAY! SHUT UP, (sobbing) SHUT UP, SHUT UP!
What does a clock do when it gets hungry? It goes back four seconds.
It takes a long time for a giraffe... ...to swallow its pride.
There are two kinds of people. Those who can extrapolate from incomplete information
A construction worker on the third floor of a building needs a handsaw. He sees one of the laborers on the first floor and yells down to him, but the man indicates that he can't hear. So, the guy on the third floor tries to use signs. He points to his eye, meaning, "I", then at his knee, meaning, "need", then he moves his hand back and forth, meaning, "handsaw". The man on the first floor nods, then drops his pants and begins to masturbate. The man on the third floor freaks out and runs down to the first floor yelling, ''What the hell is wrong with you!?! Are you stupid or something? I was saying that I needed a handsaw!'' The laborer looks at the carpenter and says, ''I knew that. I was just trying to tell you that I was coming.''
How do you know someone is a vegan? Oh don't worry, they'll fucking tell you
A Lord of the Rings Joke How did Mister Baggins know when his neighbor had died? He read it in the Hobbituary.
Cold Cold Canada. There was an elderly couple who lived in a small house, right smack dab on the U.S. and Canadian border. For several years the two goverments had argued over which nation the house belonged to. One day the elderly couple recived a letter stating that they were now considered full American citizens and there property was deemed as American soil. After reading this the old woman looks to her husband as says "Thank goodness, No more of those cold Canadian winters.
A man so poor... A man is so poor that he is unable to pay his exorcist. As a result he was repossessed.
Two men playing golf (a favourite of mine) A man and a friend are playing golf one day at their local golf course. One of the guys is about to chip onto the green when he sees a long funeral procession on the road next to the course. He stops in mid-swing, takes off his golf cap, closes his eyes, and bows down in prayer. His friend says: "Wow, that is the most thoughtful and touching thing I have ever seen. You truly are a kind man." The man then replies: "Yeah, well we were married 35 years."
A friend you can trust... Two couples were playing cards. Jeff accidentally dropped some cards on the floor. When he bent down under the table to pick them up, he noticed that Dave's wife, Sandy, was not wearing any underwear! Shocked by this, Jeff hit his head on the table and emerged red-faced. Later when Jeff went to the kitchen to get some refreshments Sandy followed him and asked, "Did you see anything under the table that you liked?" Jeff admitted, "Well, yes I did." She said "you can have it, but it will cost you $100." After a minute or two, Jeff indicates that he is interested. She tells him that since Dave works Friday afternoons and Jeff doesn't, that Jeff should come to their house around 2:00 PM on Friday. Friday came and Jeff went to her house at 2:00 PM. After paying her the $100, they went to the bedroom, had sex for a few hours and then Jeff left. Dave came home about 6:00 PM and asked his wife, "Did Jeff come by this afternoon?" Totally shocked, Sandy replied, "Yes, he did stop by for a few minutes." Next Dave asked, "Did Jeff give you $100?" Sandy thought, 'Oh hell, he knows!' reluctantly she said, "Yes, he did give me $100." "Good," Dave says. "Jeff came by the office this morning and borrowed the $100 from me and said that he'd stop by our house on his way home and pay me back. It's so good to have a friend you can trust.
What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law? A small medium at large
How Does Snoop Dogg Do His Laundry? He uses a lot of BLEAYOTCH!
What you get when you turn a blonde woman upside down? A brunette with bad breath.
You know the story of the guy who looked pale, right? This one guy is looking really pale, so his friend tells him  dude, you're anemic . Of course, our guy doesn't believe this, so his friend says  I know about these symptoms, you're definitely anemic  and bets him 25 bucks on this. "OK", our guy says, "challenge accepted." Together they go to the doctor. While his friend waits outside, the doctor runs some tests, takes some blood, the whole shebang, and after the doctor finishes and gives his diagnosis, the pale guy triumphantically walks out of the hospital and happily greets his friend.  So, did you have anemia as I told you? , his friend asks. To which he happily blurts out:  No dude, you owe me 25 bucks! Doc says I have stomach cancer :) 
A young jewish boy asks his father for $50 His father replies: "$40? what do you need $30 for?"
Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta? Because Zeta Eta Theta!
So a man was going blind. He goes to the the doctor and pleads, "Doctor you have to help, I think I'm going blind!" the doctor leans in with his little flashlight and says, "Mmhm, I'm going to need you to stop masturbating." the man cries out, "But why??" the doctor simply says, "Because I'm trying to give you an eye exam."
I was trying to think of a joke about leprechauns... ...but I lucked out
My dog I bought myself a dog the other day. It's a cross between a shih tzu and a poodle. When people ask me what breed it is I tell them it's a shit poo
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? A BMW's pricks are on the inside!
How did the pharmacist know his drink was spiked? He fainted after the punch line.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? None, feminists can't change anything.
I wanted to have sex with my girlfriend, but she was on her period... so I had to pull some strings.
If you can't afford healthcare... Go to an airport. They give free x-rays and mammograms, and if you mention al-Qaeda, they'll throw in a free colonoscopy too!
I had the worst day EVER!!! I found a hair in my booger and it totally ruined my booger :(
what do you call a black man flying a plane? a pilot you fucken racist!
How many dragon Ball z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Only one, but it'll take at least 6 episodes!
Where do dogs shop for groceries? Wagmans.
Daughter wants to shoping One day young anna asked her father if she could go shopping Her father agreed to let her go only if she sucked his dick. After lots of thinking young Anna finally said yes and proceeded to suck his dick After a few licks young Anna asked her father "why does your dick taste like shit?" To which her father replied "because your mother wanted to go to a party?"
So if pro's are the opposite of con's... Then what is the opposite of progress?
What do you call a nun in a wheel-chair? Virgin Mobile!
Superman Sex Wonder Woman is laying in her bed naked in her apartment. Superman is flying by and he is using his x-ray vision to see if any crime is going on. He then happens to come across Wonder Woman's place and sees her there naked and she seems to be having an orgasm. Superman then wonders to himself, "I'm really fast, maybe I could fly in there, hit that, fly out, and she'll never Know". So he does, he flies down, gets it in, and flies quickly out to continue his day. Wonder Woman then says, "Oh my god, what happened, what was that?" The Invisible man replies, "I don't know, but my ass sure does hurt."
Crack-head's favorite rap song... I wanna rock RIGHT NOW!!!!
Plane flight Mit Romeny, Sarah Palin and Barack Obama are flying ont the same plane and chatting: Romney: - if I would drop 1000$ down it would make one person happy! Palin: - If I would drop 1000$ in 100$ bills I would make 10 people happy! Obama: - I would drop you both from the plane it would make whole nation happy.
The man who went to the bar with a gun. A man comes in a bar with a gun in his hands and yells "Who the hell fucked my wife!?", a voice at the back says "you don't have enough bullets, mate!"
I was at a wedding the other day It was so moving, even the cake was in tiers
The monk, the rabi, and the little boy... Hi! This is a very nice site. Sorry- this is my first year in english but jokes are fine. I want to tell a joke and thank you for listening :) Here is the joke, its short but funny. A christian monk, a jewish rabi and a little boy are walking on a train. The monk looks at the boy, looks at the rabi and says, ,,let's make sex". The rabi says, ,,what". Explanation: the monk wanted to make sex with the little boy but the rabi did not understand :-D Thank you for listening!!!
A guy picks up a girl in a bar and on their way home... they get really horny, so they hide in some bushes and start having sex. After the first round, the girl keeps asking for more, until the guy says he needs to take a walk and take a break. So he leaves her there and starts walking away and he meets another guy, who had the same problem. Since it was night and dark outside, they trade places. So the new guy goes at the insatiable chick and starts banging her, when a policeman comes to them and says "What are you 2 doing here?" "Fucking my wife !" the guy says. "Oh, i'm sorry, i didn't know !" "Well, neither did I, 'till you came over with the flashlight"
When the river runs red... Take the dirt road.
My boss phoned me today... My boss phoned me today. He said "Is everything OK at the office?" I said "It is all under control. " It's been a very busy day. I haven't stopped to take a break all day." "Can you do me a favor" he asked. I said "Of course, What is it?" "Pick up the pace a little. I'm in the foursome behind you."
What do you call a fake noodle? An ImPASTA!
There are these two homeless guys drinking cooking sherry in an alleyway........ when one says to the other. "Man I'm starving. There's a rotten frozen dead cat in the alley back there. I've gonna go eat it. You want in on this?" The second guy says "No way am I going to eat a rotten frozen dead cat. That's nasty." So his buddy says "Suit yourself." And goes to town eating the rotten frozen dead cat. He comes back about a half an hour later and says "Man, I don't feel so good. I shouldn't have eaten that rotten frozen dead cat." And proceeds to puke and the ground. The other guy starts licking his lips and says "That's what I'm talking about, a hot meal!"
Gay jokes aren't funny Come on guys
MAST JOKES: I was fall from 4th floor http://mastjoks.blogspot.com/2013/01/i-was-fall-from-4th-floor.html#.UQasZ2fq90Q.reddit
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants The bartender says, "Why do you have a steering wheel in your pants?" The pirate says, "I don't know, but it's driving me nuts!"
Hear about the cross-eyed teacher? ... she just couldn't control her pupils.
I love the F5 key... It's very refreshing.
Even reddit goes down more often... than my girlfriend.
How to catch a polar bear. Dig a hole in the ice and line it with peas. Then when he goes to take a pea just kick him in the ice hole.
A boy bought some Tesco burgers from the canteen, The dinnerlady asked what he wanted on them. The boy replied: "I'll have 5 each way!"
Why was the little Martian sad? Curiosity killed his cat.
A man with a pill box was sitting in a fifth floor bar When another man walks in, sits near him, and orders a drink. Not long after he notices his pill box only contained three pills, so he asked the first man "what's with the pills?" He looks up from his drink and says that after taking one pill you should be able to fly for a few minutes, but quickly states that he hasn't tried them yet. The second man skeptical watches as the first man takes a pill, runs toward the open window, and flies above the street below. After a minute or two he returns with a huge grin on his face. The second man can't believe his eyes so he watches as he takes the second pill and again runs and jumps out the window and flies around for a minute or two and returns. "This is the greatest thing I have ever seen! Let me buy the last pill off you." The first man claims there is no way to put a price on this pill, but the second man says I'll pay you 5,000 dollars for it. "Nope" says the man with the pill box. "How about 15,000?" again the man says no. Finally the second man says "I'll give you 30,000 dollars for that pill." and the first man agrees that is a fair price, they shake hands and exchange a check for the pill. The second man can't wait so he takes the pill, runs toward the open window, jumps out, and falls to his death. The bars' keep turns to the first man and says "Superman, you're a dick."
What's the first thing Michael Jackson did when he walked into a Chuck 'E' Cheese? Beat it.
A bear is chasing a rabbit in the woods... The happen upon a stream where a frog yells at them, "I'm a magical frog. I'll grant each of you 3 wishes since your the first to grace me with your presence on over a hundred years" "ok but i go first," says the bear. "I wish every bear in this forest, except for me, were female!" And poof! All the bears are female. "Ok ok my turn, I wish for a helmet!" Says the rabbit. Poof! A helmet appears in his hands. "you're an idiot rabbit. Such a waste of a wish... I wish all the bears in the next forest over were female!" Poof! His wish is granted. "i wish for the worlds fastest dirt bike." Says rabbit. Poof! His wish is granted. "For my final wish, i wish all the bears in the world, except for me, are female!" Poof! Rabbit gets on his new dirtbike and revs the engine a few times before saying, "Frog, for my final wish." He paused to rev his engine one more time. "I WISH BEAR WAS GAY!" and he took of into the woods.
Kinky A man and a woman start chatting at a bar, small talk mostly. Eventually the conversation turns to their romantic situations. "My girlfriend just left me," the man sheepishly admitted. "Well don't feel bad," she replied, "My boyfriend just left me. Why did she break up with you?" "She thought I was too kinky," he said. "Really? Same here!" She grinned, "Want to come by my place, and see where things go from there?" He agreed, and soon the two of them were back at her apartment. She wasted no time sitting him down on the bed and excusing herself to the bathroom. "I'll be right back," she whispered into his ear. She slipped out of her jeans and shirt and into her leather dominatrix outfit. She found her whip and bondage ropes, then strapped on her thigh-high leather boots. Fully prepared, she marched into the bedroom to find the man buttoning his pants and headed toward the door. "Oh, so this is too much for you?" She shook her head and sighed, "I thought you liked it kinky." "Oh I do," he said, "I fucked your cat, I shit in your purse, I'm outta here!"
I was really moved when I saw someone hosting a 5k for special Olympics athletes. Well, until I realized it was just another zombie pub crawl
broken leg I told my doctor I broke my leg in two places. He said to quit going to those places.
Why did people hate going on road trips with Kurt Cobain? Because he always called shotgun
Why don't they have gambling in Africa? There are too many cheetahs.
Have you heard the joke about the three rats? It was cheesy
Where is the best place to hide a body? Buried in the third page of google search results.
A college student was golfing with an old man... And they get to the 6th hole, a very long par 5 with a huge oak tree right in the middle of the start of the fairway. The college kid says to the old man, "Any advice on this hole? I'm not sure I can carry over the tree but this hole is too long to lay up on the first shot." The old man snorts with laughter and says, "Hah! A young guy like you? When I was your age I could clear that tree with a 4 iron." The kid, not wanting to be outdone by this old man, grabs a 3 iron to be safe and takes a whack. THUNK, it hits the tree and bounces back towards him, and the old man laughs at him. He tries again with a 3 wood and again THUNK, the ball smacks the trunk and rolls back. The old pensioner is now doubled over laughing at this kid's efforts. Furious at being humiliated, the college kid tries one last time with his new driver and again THUNK the ball is no where near clearing the tree. He turns to the old man and says "Gee mister, you must have been a long hitter when you were younger to clear that tree with a 4 iron." "Well son," says the old man smiling, "when I was your age that tree was a young sapling only 10 ft tall"
Why don't you want to eat pussy in the morning? Have you ever tried to spread a grilled cheese?
What did the Banana do when he was accused of drowning his children and slowly torturing his wife to death? He appealed. He *appealed*.
A Man Calls in Sick to Work A man calls in sick to work. He says "Boss, I'm really not feeling well today, I'm going to have to take today off." His boss says, "Hey, just do what I do whenever I'm not feeling well. I get my wife to have sex with me, and I always feel a million times better!" The guy says, "All right, I'll give it a try," and hangs up. About an hour later he calls his boss again, "Hey boss, you were right! I feel lots better! By the way, you've got a NICE house!"
A married couple was in a terrible accident... A married couple was in a terrible accident where the woman's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from her body because she was too skinny. So the husband offered to donate some of his own skin. However, the only skin on his body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from his buttocks. The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and requested that the doctor also honor their secret. After all, this was a very delicate matter. After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the woman's new beauty. She looked more beautiful than she ever had before! All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty! One day, she was alone with her husband, and she was overcome with emotion at his sacrifice. She said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. There is no way I could ever repay you." "My darling," he replied, "think nothing of it. I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek."
Two functions walk down the street, 5 and e^x. They see Derivative walking towards them. 5 freaks out, screaming "Oh no! Oh no! Derivative is going to come up and operate on me, and then I'll be zero - Oh no!!" e^x smugly walks up to Derivative and says, "Ha! I'm e^x. You can operate on me all you want and I'll still be e^x. You can't touch me." Derivative looks up, raises an eyebrow, and responds, "Oh yeah? I'm partial, with respect to Y."
An 80-year old man gets a check-up... An 80-year old man was having his annual check-up and the doctor asked him how he was feeling. "I've never been better!" he boasted. "I've got an eighteen year old bride who's pregnant and having my child! What do you think about that?" The doctor considered this for a moment, then said, "Let me tell you a story. I knew a guy who was an avid hunter. He never missed a season. But one day, he went out in a bit of a hurry, and he accidentally grabbed his umbrella instead of his gun." The doctor continued, "So he was in the woods, and suddenly a grizzly bear appeared in front of him! He raised up his umbrella, pointed it at the bear and squeezed the handle. And do you know what happened?" the doctor queried. Dumbfounded, the old man replied, "No." The doctor continued, "The bear dropped dead in front of him!" "That's impossible!" exclaimed the old man. "Someone else must have shot that bear." "That's kind of what I'm getting at," replied the doctor.
A genius high school chemistry student takes a test, gets his score back and is dismayed to find that he missed exactly one question and thus would not be accepted to his university of choice. He is especially bummed because the question he missed was "How many valence electrons does a Hydrogen atom have?" In his haste to complete the test, he had answered 2. Depressed and despairing, he takes a walk alone along a beach and is lost in thought when he trips on a metal object in the sand. Picking it up, he finds it to be a brass oil lamp, and as his fingers brush the surface a genie suddenly appears. The genie thunders, "I can grant you any one wish, but you must answer now. What do you desire?" The student immediately replies, "I wish I had gotten that question right," and the universe explodes.
Why was six afraid of seven? Seven was a registered six offender
Do you know what's the best thing about necrophilia? You don't have to bring flowers... Usually they're already there.
Did you hear? Oxygen and Magnesium are dating. When I found out I was like OMg!
At a cinima a man noticed a young woman sitting all by herself. He was excited to see she had both hands under her skirt and was fingering herself furiously. He moved over to the seat next to her and offered his help. She welcomed his help, and so he started fingering her like crazy. After awhile he got tired and withdrew his hand, he was surprised to see her go back to work on herself with both hands. "Wasn't I good enough?" he asked. "Great," she said, "but these crabs are still itching!"
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vesti-gator!
The Sleeping Scotsman A Scotsman decides one day he'd pass the time by walking the countryside. After a couple of hours, he comes to the top of a hill and sees a road down below him. "I don't remember there being a road here. I must be more lost than I thought!" Before trying to trek his way back home, however, he decides to take a rest under a nearby tree. Meanwhile, a woman driving on the road below sees the sleeping Scotsman and asked herself life's biggest question: "*Do* the Scottish wear anything under their kilts?" Curiosity getting the better of her, she pulls her car over to the side of the road and sneaks her way up to the sleeping Scotsman. She carefully picks up the front of the Scotsman's kilt and sees, in fact, they do not wear anything underneath. Feeling embarrassed and guilty, the woman sees some nearby stakes in the ground with red and blue ribbons tied to the tops of them, being used as markers for a nearby construction site. The woman takes one of these ribbons and ties it snuggly to the Scotsman's wiener to signify that someone was there. Later, the Scotsman awakes and feels a tug under his kilt. He lifts it up and sees a blue ribbon tied tight around his piece. Upon seeing this, the Scotsman shouts: "I don't know where ye been or what ye did, but you won first prize!"
A woman gets on a bus with her baby The bus driver says: ''Ugh, that's the ugliest baby I've ever seen!'' The woman walks to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her: ''The driver just insulted me!'' The man says: ''You go up there and tell him off. Go on, I'll hold your monkey for you.''
A joke for the cerebral...What do you call it when a bunch of crows agree to meet later? Premeditated murder.
Two men are sitting at a bar in a highrise. The first man says to the other "You should get the barman's home brew. It makes you fly!" The second man sceptically replies "If it makes you fly, then prove it." So the first man takes a swig of his beer, jumps out the window, and flies a few circles around the building. When he gets back, the second man is amazed and immediately orders one of the house brews. After gulping it down, he jumps out of the window and falls to his death. Upon seeing this, the barman turns to the first man and says, "You're kind of a jerk when you're drunk, Superman."
What does a vegan zombie eat? Graaaaaaaaaaains
What do you call an X-Games athlete who placed dead last? A louger.
Home made honey mustard ! I have a beehive full of bees trained to eat mustard ... and that is what comes out !
Buying condoms A black guy walks into a pharmacy and asks for a pack of XXXL condoms. The woman behind the counter gave them to him and said: "That will be $5.00 plus 45 cents for tax" And the black guy replies "Fuck that- give me some string and I'll tie the damn things on"
So a father has three daughters.. So a father has three little daughters, and one day, as he is sitting, his eldest daughter approaches him and asks, "Daddy, why was I named Rose?", and he answers, "Well Rose, when you were born, a rose petal flew in from the window, and landed on your forhead." His next daughter then comes up to him, and asks, "Daddy, how come my name is Daisy?" and he said, "Well, Daisy, when you were born, and daisy petal fell and landed on your forhead." His third daughter then comes up to him and says "AEANhnaiebnoaeEhjjhjjpaHBAENBEEE"", and says back, "Shut up, Brick."
A plane crashes in a jungle and three guys are the only survivors. They have to walk out of the jungle to civilization. While they are walking they hear "Foo Foo" and a big blob of shit lands on one guy's head. He is disgusted and brushes it off. He immediately falls over dead. The other two guys are freaked out, but they have no choice but to keep on walking. Down the road a bit they hear again "Foo Foo", and a big blob of shit lands on one of their heads. The second guy is disgusted and wipes the shit off his head and falls over dead like the first guy. The third guy is really weirded out by this, but keeps on walking. As he walks he hears the "Foo Foo" again and tries to dodge the shit but it lands on his head anyway. He remembers the other two guys and doesn't brush it off, he just keeps walking. Eventually he makes it back to civilization. He buys a hat to cover up the shit and gets on with his life. When he gets back home he is reunited with his wife and they have awesome reunion sex. After sex, he falls asleep. His wife gets curious about the hat and takes it off of him. She finds the shit and brushes it off. The guy immediately dies. The moral of the story is... "If the Foo shits, wear it."
What do you get when you cross and elephant and a rhino? 'elephino..
What do the name of a troll on this subreddit, the behavior of said troll, and any of the 50 states that don't border Arkansas, Kansas, Colorado, Missouri, New Mexico, and Texas have in common? [it's not ok!] (http://www.reddit.com/user/itsnotok) EDIT: (http://www.reddit.com/user/itsnotok) did NOTHING WRONG. I meant to put the similarly named [it is not ok] (http://www.reddit.com/user/**Itisnotokay**)
Build me a bridge A man was walking along a California beach and finds a genies bottle, he gives the bottle a rub and a genie appears and offers to grant him one wish. The man said, "I've always wanted to go to Hawaii, but I'm afraid of flying and I get sea sick in boats. Could you build a bridge to Hawaii, so I can drive there whenever I want?" The genie laughed and said, "That's impossible! Think of the logistics! How would the supports ever reach the bottom of the Pacific? Think of the concrete and steel! I could do it but it's hard for me to justify. Is there anything else you would like instead ?" After much thought, the man said, "Iv'e been married and divorced 3 times and still don't understand women, so I wish that I could understand women."Then, after a few minutes, the genie said, "You want two lanes or four on that bridge?"
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool!
What's green, slimy, and smells like pork? Kermit's dick.
My dream evening I ended up with an older woman at a club last night, she looked pretty good for a 60-year-old. In fact she wasn't too bad at all, and I found myself thinking that she probably had a really hot daughter. We drank a bit (well more than a bit), we had a snuggle, and she asked me if I ever had a "sportsman double"? "Whats that?" I asked. "It's a mother and daughter threesome," she said. "Oh," I said as my mind began to embrace the idea. "No, I haven't." And I wondered what this daughter of hers might look like. We drank a bit more, then she says with a wink that tonight was 'my lucky night'. I went back to her place and walked in hoping for the best night of my life. She puts on the hall light and shouted upstairs, "Mom, you still awake?"
Yo momma so poor She opened up a gmail account so she could eat the spam.
A man is on a business trip... and decides to buy his wife some new lingerie. A saleswoman greets him as he enters an expensive lingerie store, and asks him how she can help. Then man replies, "I'm looking for something made with very sheer fabric". The saleswoman leaves for a minute and returns with a semi-transparent piece of lingerie, informing the man that it would cost $200 due to the expensive fabric. The man looks at it briefly and says, "I am looking for something even more sheer than this". So, the saleswoman leaves again and returns with an even more transparent garment, informing the man that it would cost $300 due to the expensive fabric. The man barely looks at it before saying, "Even that isn't sheer enough! I am looking for the most transparent lingerie in your store." The woman returns one more time with a piece of lingerie that is barely visible, informing the man that it would cost $500 due to the expensive fabric. Finally, he is pleased and buys it, thinking about how happy his wife would be and how she would reward him that night. When he returns home he give his wife the garment, telling her that it cost him $500, but that it was worth it for her. The wife goes to the bedroom to change, but thinks that the fabric is so sheer, her husband wouldn't be able to tell if she hadn't put it on. She plans to sell the expensive underwear and save the cash, so she strips her clothes off and makes her way to her eagerly awaiting husband. As she descends the stairs, he looks her up and down, then exclaims "for $500 you'd think they would have ironed the damn thing!"
What happened to the indian who drank too much tea? He drowned in his tea-pee.
What do you call the object Attila the Hun uses to brush his leg hair? A Hun knee comb.
A hair spray trick One day young tom asked his grandpa for $20 dollars, his grandpa handed him an apple and a worm and told him "if you want those 20 put the worm inside that tiny hole in apple" tom accepted the challange and after 5 minutes the worm was inside the apple. his grandpa amused asked how he had done it to which Tom replaid "I used some hair spray" his grandpa then handed him the 20 and left. the next day tom's grandpa gives him another 20 when tom tells him that he already gave him the money his grandpa replies "I know, those are from yor grandma she really enjoys the hair spray trick". (Sorry for grammar english is not my first language)
What do you call playing chess against yourself? Chessturbation.
When i die, i want to die like my grandfather did, in his sleep not screaming like the other passengers in the car.
Can we ban this guy? http://www.reddit.com/user/Itisnotokay Also [these are not jokes made by him, he only comments on other peoples jokes] 1 Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. 2 I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car. 3 I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness. 4 Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer. 5 Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car. 6 We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police. 7 Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship. 8 The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list. 9 Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak. 10 If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong. 11 Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich. 12 We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public. 13 War does not determine who is right - only who is left. 14 Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. 15 Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
Middle school sex A middle schooler comes home one day with a certain spring in his step. When questioned about this, he tells his parents that he lost his virginity at school. His mother is appalled and sends him to bed, though his father is secretly proud. The next day the father gloats to all his coworkers about how his son has already become a man. He's so excited that he decides to leave work early to pick his son up from school. "Well son, how was your day today?" "Fine" the boy replies "I just want you to know that even though your mother is upset, I'm quite proud of you. So, be honest, did you have sex again today? "No dad" the boy begins, "my ass is still sore from yesterday."
How can you tell if you have a high sperm count? When your wife has to chew before she swallows.
I've got butterflies in my stomach... That's the last time I eat a cocoon.
Don't mention the ears! A job seeker goes for a job interview..the interviewer asks him, "what's the first thing you notice about me?".."well," says the man,"you don't have any ears."..the interviewer looks at him madly,slams down his fist and yells, "get out..send in the next guy!!"..so the 2nd guy walks in.."OK," says the interviewer,"what's the first thing you notice about me?"..."well," says the 2nd guy,"you don't have any ears."..the interviewer slams his fist down again and yells, "get out..send in the next guy!!"..on his way out, the 2nd job seeker says to the only man left in the waiting area, "hey buddy, whatever you do, don't say anything about him not having any ears..he'll just boot you right out!!"...so the last man walks in..the interviewer looks at him and says,"what's the first thing you notice about me?".."well," says the man,"you wear contact lenses don't you?".."wow," says the interviewer,"how observant, that's pretty impressive stuff..but how could you tell I wear contacts?"..."oh, that's easy sir," he grinned ,"cos you don't have any damn ears to hang glasses on!"
Was told to fuck bitches and get money. All I got was charged with bestiality
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb? Three. Two to complain about it and one to light an organic scented candle.
Why did the cow get an award? For being outstanding in his field. Sorry.
Two pubes sat on a toilet seat...nsfw One says to the other, "how long are we going to stay here?" The other says "dunno, till we get pissed off I suppose".
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why did the cod sue the fish and chip shop? Assault and battery. Sorry again. I'm bored in work.
Did you hear about the farmer who was a heroin addict? He had to quit in the end, because he couldn't find a needle in a haystack.
I'm pretty sure Robin Hood was black and he was just robbin the hood.
How many Mexicans does it take to build a....... oh shit, they're done.
I don't often tell sailor jokes But when I do they are usually salty.
An Indian army camp receives a new commander... One time there was an army camp in India that just received a new commander. During the new commanders first inspection everything checked out except one thing. There was a camel tied to a tree on the edge of the camp. The commander asked what it was for, one of the soldiers who had been stationed there for a while explained to him that the men sometimes get lonely since there where no woman there so they have the camel. The commander just let that go, but after a few weeks he was feeling very lonely so he ordered the men to bring the camel into his tent. The men did, and he went to work on it. After about an hour the commander came out zipped up his pants and said, "So is that how the other men do it?" One of the men responded, "No we usually just use the camel to ride into town."
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.
What is long, hard and leaves a warm, white, sticky substance in your mouth? Toothbrush.
I'll never forget how happy i was when i saw my missus walking down the aisle towards me... ..., My heart was beating so fast and the expectation was unbearable. It seemed to take so long but eventually there she was, stood beside me. I gave her a cheeky wink and said, 'get that fucking trolley over here they're doing three crates of Stella for the price of two!!!!
Why are farmers so afraid of aliens? Tractor beams.
pickle slicer a man was laying in bed next to his wife. he turns to her and says "honey, recently at work ive had an uncontrollable urge to stick my penis in the pickle slicer". the wife was shocked and promised to make an appointment the next day with a shrink. the husband comes home the next day and says "sorry honey, i couldnt help myself. i stuck my penis in the pickle slicer". the wife was shocked and said "oh my god! what happened?" he replied "I got fired" and she said "no, what happened with the pickle slicer?" and he said "she got fired too"
Blind man walks past a fishmongers "hello ladies!"
What is brown and sticky? A brown stick. Bonus: what's red and fluffy? Red fluff.
What do you call a deaf dog? Whatever you want he still won't come.
"With my wife it was sex, sex, sex... Yes, three times in 35 years" -Bob Monkhouse
An young Irish boy A young Irish boy is stood crying at the side of the road. A man asks him "What's wrong wid ya laddie?" The boy says "Me ma is dead". "Oh bejaysus" the man says "Do you want me to call Father O' Riley for you ?" The boy replies "No tanks mister, sex is the last ting on my mind at the moment."
Did you hear about the gay guy who quit? He couldn't take it in the end.
Swordplay on words A fencer was sparring with his mentor. They had sparred many times before, but today, for some reason, the fencer just wasn't able to land a single hit. "Ha!" the mentor taunted, "You'll never win if you keep using such obvious attacks!" The fencer feinted.
Anyone have any jokes about Rats? Need some good ones!
Embarassment A guy asked a girl in a university library: "Do you mind if I sit beside you?" The girl replied with a loud voice: "I DON 'T WANT TO SPEND THE NIGHT WITH YOU!" All the students in the library started staring at the guy; he was truly embarrassed. After a couple of minutes, the girl walked quietly to the guy 's table and said: "I study psychology, and I know what a man is thinking. I guess you felt embarrassed, right?" The guy then responded with a loud voice: "$500 FOR ONE NIGHT? THAT 'S TOO MUCH!" All the people in the library looked at the girl in shock. The guy whispered in her ear: "I study law, and I know how to screw people".
What do you call an underwater restaurant that serves cured meats to sharks? A Sharc-eatery
Why were Mary and Joseph considered such good businessmen? Because they produced such a great prophet.
I was going to get a face-lift but I thought about my health and went for face-stairs instead
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew? Santa goes down the chimney.
Did you know what 6.9 is? its a good thing screwed up by a period
A young boy and a barber A young boy enters a barber shop and the barber whispers to his customer, "This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you." The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, "Which do you want, son?" The boy takes the quarters and leaves. "What did I tell you?" said the barber. "That kid never learns!" Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store. "Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?" The boy licked his cone and replied, "Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!"
So this dyslexic guy walks into a bra... What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexia Association
A Greek and an Italian are arguing over whose culture is superior. he Greek says "We built the Parthenon." the Italian says "We build the Colosseum." The Greek says "We came up with advanced Mathematics" The Italian says "We made the Roman Empire." The Greek is getting frustrated finally realizes how he can win the argument. "We invented sex." The Italian replies "True, true, I can't argue with that, but we thought of having it with women."
What kinds of boobs are popular in the workplace? Pos-tits.
This orange does not taste right... I think I'm gonna put it back in the crayon box.
Kinda long but worth the read. A woman once went to a pet store looking for an animal to buy for her husband for their anniversary. She told the cashier of the situation and the cashier immediately knew of the perfect critter that would make an excellent anniversary gift. He took her to the back of the store and unveiled a small cage. Inside the cage appeared to be just a furball. The woman stared at the furball with a quizzical look on her face. The cashier, seeing as how the woman was confused, decided to demonstrate the furball's capabilities. He reached into the cage and took out the furball, holding it in his palm. "Watch this." said He. "Fuzzball! The Cage" Immediately the ball of fur grew legs and a mouth and jumped at the cage. NOMNOMNOM the little furball devoured the entire cage. "That's great! I'll take it!" said the woman. She hurried home with the little critter, knowing her husband would love it. She decided to test it out before her husband got home from work. "Fuzzball! The couch! The bed! The curtains!" the little ball of fur grew legs and a mouth and jumped. NOMNOMNOM the little ball of fur ate everything it was told to. Several hours later the husband arrived home to find his home devastated. He stormed up to his wife and exclaimed "WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE!?" The wife simply answered "Oh nothing much. Just Fuzzball. That's what happened." The husband stared at his wife in astonishment. Furious he yelled "FUZZBALL!? FUZZBALL MY BALLS!" NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM
[OC] What did the imprisoned locksmith say after he told the inmates a bunch of bad jokes? "I'll show myself out."
They agree I'm funny I started my new job at the retirement center today. Told the residents that I'm a really funny guy. They didn't understand any of my jokes but they still pissed themselves.
How do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman? Shit in her cunt
I took my wife to see the doctor today hoping to sort out her tourettes problem. It turns out she doesn't have it... I am a bastard and she really does want me to f**k off...
My grandfather always used to tell me... you can lead a horse to water, but if you can teach him to fish, you need to lay off the fucking acid.
An Englishman an Australian and a South African are in a bar... An Englishman an Australian and a South African are in a bar one night having a beer. All of a sudden the South African downs his beer, throws his glass in the air, pulls out a gun and shoots the glass to pieces and says "In Sath Efrika our glasses are so cheap that we don't need to drink from the same one twice". The Aussie, obviously impressed by this, drinks his beer, throws his glass into the air, pulls out his gun and shoots the glass to pieces and says "Well mate in 'straaaaaaaailia we have so much sand to make the glasses that we don't need to drink out of the same glass twice either". The Englishman, cool as a cucumber, picks up his beer and drinks it, throws the glass into the air, pulls out his gun and shoots the South African and the Australian and says, "In London we have so many bloody South Africans and Australians that we don't need to drink with the same one twice".
In Soviet Russia, Russia Soviet.
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip? to get to the same side.
Why did the blind jew got killed? because he could nazi
"Why do Jews hate sex?" "Because the pussy is too close to the gas chamber." Cody Edwards
A Boy and His Grandfather. A young boy is visiting his grandfather one day and sees him smoking a large cigar. The boy asks "Can I have a puff of that cigar, Grandpa?" In return the blunt grandfather asks "Can your dick touch your ass, son?" "No sir" "Then no cigar for you." The next day, the boy sees his grandpap taking swigs from a bottle of whiskey, he asks for a sip. "Can your dick touch your ass?" The grandfather asks again. "No." Says the boy somberly. "Then no whiskey." About a week later, the kid is sitting at his grandfather's kitchen table eating Oreos with milk. The grandpa walks into the room and licks his lips at the sight of the cookies. "Can I have some?" He asks. "Can your dick touch your ass?" Says the boy with a grin. "Of course it can." Replies the grandfather with a grin. "Then go fuck yourself!"
Why did the bowling pins stop working? They went on strike!
What did the farmer say when someone pooped into his water source? Well shit...
Just thought of this burn Your dick is so small, when you piss it sounds like Wile E. Coyote falling off a cliff.
I know there are a lot of versions out there, but this is my favorite A rich old man gets audited by the IRS saying they need him to come in and fix his taxes. The old man calls his lawyer and heads to the IRS. Once there, the IRS agent said,"Well I've noticed that you don't have a job listed, and yet you still make a lot of money. What's your secret?" The old man replied, "I win a lot of money making bets." The agent says, "What do ya mean?" The old man said, "Okay, I'll bet ya 50$ I can bite my eye." The agent says, "How ridiculous. You're on." So the old man then takes out his fake eye and bites it. The agent, befuddled at what happened was speechless. The old man then said, "Alright, double or nothing, I bet you I can bite my other eye." The agent, thinking to himself, though, 'Alright, I saw this guy walk in here without a cane. No way he could be blind.' So the agent says, "Fine. Double or nothing. The old man then takes out his dentures and bites his other eye. Furious, the agent claimed how he was cheating. The old man said, "Calm down, calm down. Now a bets a bet. Here's your last chance. Double or nothin. I bet I can stand on your desk and pee straight into your trash bin without getting a drop on the floor." The agent thought, 'Okay, no way he could do that. No way. The bin is about ten feet away. There's gonna be some excess drops. The agent says, "You're on." The old man then proceeds to get on the desk, zip down his zipper, whip out his shlong and proceeds to pee everywhere. Absolutely everywhere. All over the curtains, the agents papers, the computer, everywhere. The agent, jumping with joy cries, "Ha! You lost!" the old man smiles while he watches his lawyer pull out his checkbook. The agent said, "Hey, why so down? I got my money back!" The lawyer said solemly, "While we were waiting for the meeting, my client here," as he gestures toward he old man, "bet me ten thousand dollars that he'd be able to get on your desk and pee all over your office and that you'd be happy about it
Why can't you keep a secret from cattle? They herd
The Perfect Husband. Several men are in the locker room of a golf club. A cell phone on a bench rings and a man engages the hands free speaker function and begins to talk. Everyone else in the room stops to listen. MAN: "Hello?" WOMAN: "Honey, it's me. Are you at the club?" MAN: "Yes." WOMAN: "I am at the mall now and found this beautiful leather coat. It's only Rs. 25,000. Is it OK if I buy it?" MAN: "Sure, go ahead if you like it that much." WOMAN: "I also stopped by the Mercedes dealership and saw the new 2007 models. I saw one I really liked." MAN: "How much?" WOMAN: "Rs. 55,40,000. MAN: "OK, but for that price I want it with all the options." WOMAN: "Great! Oh, and one more thing... the house I wanted last year is back on the market. They're asking Rs. 1,95,00,000 MAN: "Well, then go ahead and give them an offer of Rs. 1,50,00,000. They will probably take it. If not, we can go the extra 45 lakhs if it's really a pretty good price." WOMAN: "Ok. I'll see you later! I love you so much!" MAN: "Bye! I love you, too." The man hangs up. The other men in the locker room are staring at him in astonishment, mouths agape. He turns and asks: "Anyone know who this phone belongs to?"
So this lady goes shoe shopping one day... She goes out wearing a skirt and no panties and goes to the shoe store. She asks the salesman to help her. He gets the shoes that she wants to try on and slips them on her foot. He notices that she is not wearing any underwear. He doesn't say anything. After about the sixth pair of shoes, he can't take it anymore and says to the lady, "Lady, I could eat that pussy full of ice cream." She is offended that she grabs her purse and heads directly home. When she gets there, she tells her husband that she wants him to go down to the shoe store and beat the shit out of the salesman. The husband tells her no. She doesn't understand. The husband says, "First of all, you shouldn't have gone out without any panties on. Secondly, I'm not going to fuck with a man that can eat that much ice cream."
I killed my wife because I heard mourning sex was so great.
What did the judge order in his whiskey? Just ice
What's brownish and runs on oil? Jesus in a hurry.
The Longest Joke in the World http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
Joke directed insult A woman walks into the doctors office. She says she wants a child, but doesnt want to have sex. The doctor says ok and asks what kind of child she wants. The woman said she wanted a smart and handsome kid. The doctor then hands her a blue pill. A few months later, the woman comes back and says she has had a miscarriage but still wants a child. The doctor says ok and asks what kind of kid she wants. The woman said she will have a regular kid this time. The doctor then hands her a red pill. Even more months later, the woman returns and says shes had a miscarriage but still wants a kid. The doctor says ok and asks what kind of kid she will want. She says since the other ones did not work out she will have a ugly, stupid kid. The doctor says ok and hands her a pill. *At this point the joke teller asks the victim what color they think the pill is. *The response will most likely be "I don't know, what?" *The joke teller then says "I don't know, try asking your mother." Immaturity at its best.
What's Brown and Sticky A stick
An Irish man goes to the doctor... An Irish man goes to the Doctor... "Dactor, it's me ahrse. I'd loik ya ta teyhk a look, if ya woot". So the doctor gets him to drop his pants and takes a look. "Incredible" he says, "there is a 20 note lodged up here." Tentatively he eases the twenty out of the man's bottom, and then a 10 note appears. "This is amazing!" exclaims the Doctor. "What do you want me to do?" "Well fur gadness sake teyhk it out, man!" shrieks the patient. The doctor pulls out the tenner and another twenty appears, and another and another and another, etc.... Finally the last note comes out and no more appear. "Ah Dactor, tank ya koindly, dat's moch batter, how moch is dare den?" The Doctor counts the pile of cash. "1,990 exactly." The patient then says... "Ah, dat'd be roit. I knew I wasn't feeling two grand."
What Did The Chinese Man Say When Asked What He Wanted For Dinner? Bitch please.
Why did the vampire feel tired after dinner? All the blood had rushed to his stomach.
Doctor's office A man walk's into the doctor's office to get a check-up. The doctor tells the man he needs to quit masturbating. The man asks why . The doctor says, "So I can examine you".
what did the kiwi statue said to the other kiwi statue? statue bro?
Some delivery guy knocked on my door today and said, "I have a parcel for your next door neighbour." I replied, "You've got the wrong house then, haven't you?"
How do you turn lead into gold? Start a war.
2 Drunks in a pick-up truck Are parked on a gravel road when they see the Sheriff pull in behind them. The passenger starts to panic but the driver says "It's cool man, just chug your beer, rip off the label, stick it on your forehead, and stash the bottle under the seat." So the sheriff gets to the truck door and sees 2 drunks with Budweiser labels on their faces. He cocks his brow inquisitively and says "You boys ain't been drinkin, have you?". The driver beams a smile, points to his his forehead and says "Oh no officer, we're on the patch".
What do you call an Italian who has sex with kids? PASTA
Relativity The Mafia (M) grabs a guy (G1) who didn't pay for the hooker they manage. They take him to the basement of their house where a big black man (B) is waiting. * M : "You see this guy ? He did not pay for our hooker, so you are going to fuck him rough till he cries. Understood ?" * B : "ok sir i'll do that" * G1 : "Please don't do as they say. It will cause me too much pain. And it will dishonor me and my family. I am begging you to not do that" * B : "Shut the fuck up and go sit over here". Later, M comes in the basement with another guy (G2) with gambling debt. * M : "This guy did not pay his debts. So you are going to cut his hands and beat his face till no one can recognize him. Understood ?" * B : "Sure. Go and wait with the other guy" Later again, M comes in the basement with a third guy (G3). * M : "I can't tell you what this guy has done, but it is the worst. So you are going to cut his hands and feet, then burst his eyes. Once you have done that we will find his family and kill all of them". * B "OK. Go and wait with the other guys" Then G1 comes to B and says : **"Remember ? You just have to fuck me, that's all !!"**
A windy day Three old ladies are sitting on a park bench. The first says to her friends "gosh, it's windy today". The second says "no, it's Thursday". The third says "so am I. Let's get a drink".
Our neighbour's dog crapped in our garden, so my wife asked me to get a shovel and throw it over the fence. I don't know what that solved. We still have dog shit in our garden and the neighbours have our shovel.
3 old lady's sitting on a park bench, When all of a sudden a Young man in a trench coat runs up in front of them and opens his coat showing all his glory. Surprised, the first old lady had a stroke, then the second old lady had a stroke well the third old lady couldn't reach.
Grammer is important On his 75th birthday, a man got a gift certificate from his wife. The certificate paid for a visit to a medicine man living on a nearby reservation who was rumored to have a wonderful cure for erectile dysfunction. After being persuaded, he drove to the reservation, handed his ticket to the medicine man, and wondered what he was in for. The old man handed a potion to him, and with a grip on his shoulder warned, 'This is a powerful medicine. You take only a teaspoonful, and then say '1-2-3.' When you do, you will become more manly than you have ever been in your life, and you can perform as long as you want." The man was encouraged. As he walked away, he turned and asked, "How do I stop the medicine from working?" "Your partner must say '1-2-3-4,'" he responded, "but when she does, the medicine will not work again until the next full moon." He was very eager to see if it worked so he went home, showered, shaved, took a spoonful of the medicine, and then invited his wife to join him in the bedroom. When she came in, he took off his clothes and said, "1-2-3!" Immediately, he was the manliest of men. His wife was excited and began throwing off her clothes, and then she asked, "What was the 1-2-3 for?" And that, boys and girls, is why we should never end our sentences with a preposition, because we could end up with a dangling participle.
The difference between a Republican and a Democrat . . . A Republican sees a man drowning 50 feet from the pier. He throws the man a 25 foot rope, and expects him to swim half way. A Democrat sees a man drowning 50 feet from the pier. He throws him a 100 foot rope. Then lets of of his end.
How do you know when you've played too much minecraft? When your friend wishes aloud that he could be creative and you tell him ,"your game mode has been changed."
Why did the dentist divorce the manicurist? She tried to stick her finger in his cavity.
What do you call a blind German? A 'not-see'.
Tom and his hot wife were playing golf when the ball suddenly goes inside someone's house : They enter the house and see a broken bottle and a man. Man: I want to thank you. I am a genie who was trapped for 1000 years in the bottle. I will give you both 1 wish each, and I will keep 1 wish for myself. Tom: I want a billion dollars! Wife: I want a house in every country of the world. ?? Genie: Done. Done. Tom : And what is your wish genie? Genie: Well, since I haven't loved a woman in a thousand years, my wish is to sleep with your wife. Tom said: Emm Ok! You're getting us a lot of money. I guess I don't mind. ?? The genie took the wife upstairs and slept with her for two hours. After it was over he asked her: How old is your husband? Wife answers: 35. Genie: Really? And he still believes in genie stories
Standing next to an attractive woman in the elevator. I turned to her and asked politely if I could smell her pussy. Bristling, she snapped "NO, you can't!" Oh, I said, "It must be your feet then."
The Modern Genie Tom and his hot wife were playing golf when the ball suddenly goes inside someone's house : They enter the house and see a broken bottle and a man. Man: I want to thank you. I am a genie who was trapped for 1000 years in the bottle. I will give you both 1 wish each, and I will keep 1 wish for myself. Tom: I want a billion dollars! Wife: I want a house in every country of the world. ?? Genie: Done. Done. Tom : And what is your wish genie? Genie: Well, since I haven't loved a woman in a thousand years, my wish is to sleep with your wife. Tom said: Emm Ok! You're getting us a lot of money. I guess I don't mind. ?? The genie took the wife upstairs and slept with her for two hours. After it was over he asked her: How old is your husband? Wife answers: 35. Genie: Really? And he still believes in genie stories =))
Listen very, very closely... A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A young student nurse appears and gives him a partial sponge bath. "Nurse," he mumbles from behind the mask, "are my testicles black?" Embarrassed, she replies, "I don't know, sir. I'm here only to wash your upper body and feet." He struggles to ask again: "Nurse, please check for me. Are my testicles black?" Concerned, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles in the other. She looks very closely and says, "Don't worry, sir, they look fine." The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful. Now listen very , very closely: Are my test results back?"
What happens when you bring beer to a BYU party? All the girls put on their panties and go home.
I was eating an orange this morning, but it tasted funny... so I put it back in the crayon box!
2 college friends skip studying for Chemistry final to party Two guys were taking Chemistry at the University of Mississippi. They did pretty well on all of the quizzes and the midterms and labs, such that going into the final they had a solid "A". These two friends were so confident going into the final that the weekend before finals week (even though the Chemistry final was on Monday), they decided to go up to the University of Tennessee and party with some friends. They had a great time, however, with hangovers and everything, they overslept all day Sunday and didn't make it back to Mississippi until early Monday morning. Rather than taking the final then, they found their professor after the final to explain to him why they missed the final. They told him that they went up to the University of Tennessee for the weekend, and had planned to come back in time to study, but that they had a flat tire on the way back, and didn't have a spare, and couldn't get help for a long time, so they were late in getting back to campus. The professor thought this over and told them they could make up the final on the following day. The two guys were elated and relieved. They studied that night and went in the next day for the final. The professor placed them in separate rooms, and handed each of them a test booklet and told them to begin. They looked at the first problem, which was worth 5 points. It was something simple about Molarity &amp; Solutions. "Cool ," they thought. "This is going to be easy." They did that problem and then turned the page. They were not prepared, however, for what they saw on this page. It said: (95 Points). Which tire? All credit for joke goes to: https://plus.google.com/108086887435909989445/posts/72N42C7aivj
Commas are important. They are the difference between: You suck, Dick! and You suck dick!
The Farmer and The Skinny Dippers An elderly man in Louisiana had owned a large farm for several years. He had a large pond in the back. It was properly shaped for swimming, so he fixed it up nice with picnic tables, horseshoe courts, and some apple and peach trees. One evening the old farmer decided to go down to the pond, as he hadn't been there for a while, and look it over. He grabbed a five-gallon bucket to bring back some fruit. As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny-dipping in his pond. He made the women aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end. One of the women shouted to him, "We're not coming out until you leave!" The old man frowned, "I didn't come down here to watch you ladies swim naked or make you get out of the pond naked." Holding the bucket up he said, "I'm here to feed the alligator..."
Which sex position produces the most ugly babies? Ask yo momma. Sorry
We had a pop quiz in culinary school today. It was a piece of cake.
A lady gets pulled over on the highway.[NSFW] A lady is driving down the highway going about 50 over and a police officer pulls her over and approaches the car. He taps on her window and she rolls it down. Officer: ma'am you were going 150 in a 100, and I'm going to have to give you a ticket. Why are you in such a hurry? Lady: I'm sorry officer I'm late for work! Officer: I see.. What do you do? Lady: I'm a... Rectum stretcher at the hospital.. Officer: *looks at the woman with a confused look on his face* wh.. What do you mean? That's actually a job? How does that work? Lady: Yes! First I slowly massage the patients anus, applying a lot of lubricant and slowly one by one I slip my fingers into the patients anus until it is roughly stretched to 6ft in circumference. Officer: *looks at the woman with a puzzled look in his face*what the hell do you do with a 6ft asshole?! Lady: you put it on the side of a highway and give him a fucking radar gun.
Using the word 'definitely' A 3rd grade English teacher stood in front of her class and asked for volunteers to use the word 'definitely' to describe something. The first student, Johnny, raised his hand and said "Teacher, the sky is definitely blue!" The teacher responds "Well Johnny, sometimes the sky can be grey and sometimes it can be black." Defeated, Johnny put his hand down. The next student, Susie, looking to make Johnny look bad proudly said "The grass is definitely green." Teacher responded "Not so true Susie. When the grass dies, it can be brown, or yellow." Susie was embarrassed. The teacher looked around the room and saw a puzzled look on her student's faces. Just as she was about the help her students out, little Billy threw his hand up. "Yes Billy?" "Teacher, are farts lumpy?" Little Billy asked. "No Billy, farts are not lumpy." "....Then I definitely just pooped my pants." EDIT - Names...D'oh. Face meet palm
Hey r/Jokes! I'm MCing (or is it emceeing?) my High Schools talent night and I need some short, witty, and relatively unoffensive jokes. Please try to stay away from sex, sexist, and racist jokes. Title says it all. I know that not all jokes will be appropriate, but to be able to have a handful would be great. Thank you so much for your help!! If there are any questions respond here or PM me. :) Now, do your worst!!!
Grandpa gets audited Revenue Canada decides to audit Grandpa, and summons him to the RevenueCanada office. The Revenue Canada auditor was not surprised when Grandpa showed up with his attorney. The auditor said, 'Well, sir, you have an extravagant lifestyle and no full-time employment, which you explain by saying that you win money gambling. I'm not sure Revenue Canada finds that believable.' I'm a great gambler, and I can prove it,' says Grandpa. 'How about a demonstration?' The auditor thinks for a moment and said, 'Okay. Go ahead.' Grandpa says, 'I'll bet you a thousand dollars that I can bite my own eye.' The auditor thinks a moment and says, 'It's a bet..' Grandpa removes his glass eye and bites it. The auditor's jaw drops. Grandpa says, 'Now, I'll bet you two thousand dollars that I can bite my other eye.' Now the auditor can tell Grandpa isn't blind, so he takes the bet. Grandpa removes his dentures and bites his good eye. The stunned auditor now realizes he has wagered and lost three grand, with Grandpa's attorney as a witness. He starts to get nervous. 'Want to go double or nothing?' Grandpa asks 'I'll bet you six thousand dollars that I can stand on one side of your desk, and pee into that wastebasket on the other side, and never get a drop anywhere in between.' The auditor, twice burned, is cautious now, but he looks carefully and decides there's no way this old guy could possibly manage that stunt, so he agrees again. Grandpa stands beside the desk and unzips his pants, but although he strains mightily, he can't make the stream reach the wastebasket on the other side, so he pretty much urinates all over the auditor's desk. The auditor leaps with joy, realizing that he has just turned a major loss into a huge win. But Grandpa's own attorney moans and puts his head in his hands. 'Are you okay?' the auditor asks. 'Not really,' says the attorney. 'This morning, when Grandpa told me he'd been summoned for an audit, he bet me twenty-five thousand dollars that he could come in here and piss all over your desk and that you'd be happy about it!'
A Guy/Gal walks into a bar with an Ostrich/Race-horse A good-looking young man (or woman) and an ostrich (or racehorse) walk into a bar. The two sit down, order some nachos and wind up drinking a few beers by the end of the night. When it comes time to pay the tab, the (wo)man reaches into his/her pocket and dumps a slightly-crumpled mess of bills and change onto the bar. "That should cover it." (s)he says. As the (wo)man walks away, the bartender counts it out and to her surprise, it's the exact total of the bill. Looking back up, she sees that the (wo)man has returned. (S)He once again reaches into his/her pocket and pulls out exactly 20% of the bill before tax. "There ya go, sorry about that." (s)he says. The bartender asks, "Mind if I ask you about the exact change and the ostrich(horse)? "You see," (s)he says, "A long time ago, I was an archaeologist. While in arabia, I discovered a magical lamp with a genie inside who granted me 3 wishes. The first, obviously, was for eternal youth and fitness. Second, unlimited wealth- any time I buy something, I just reach into my pocket and pull out the exact amount of money. The third, well, the third wish was for a tall, youthful, long-legged(well-endowed) chick(stud) who would always stick by my side and share my interests."
What do you call the small amount of time between when you slip on a peel and when you hit the pavement? A bananosecond
I was going to tell a gay joke... But fuck it.
To all those who received a book from me as a Christmas present... They are due back at the library today.
The Lone Ranger is in trouble now! The lone ranger and Tonto are riding together, when suddenly they are surrounded by a group of Apache Indians, screaming like banshees and swinging warclubs. The lone ranger takes a look at the war-painted pack of warriors howling for his blood, and yells to his faithful sidekick, "Looks like we might have to fight them off, Tonto!" The lone ranger looks over his shoulder to see Tonto backing his horse away slowly. "What you mean 'we', white man?"
What is the difference between a creep and a kid? I wouldn't let a creep sit on my lap.
Lebron's life is like one big compass... He went South, His hairline went North, his dad went East and his mom went Delonte West.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh
There were two nuns... One of them was known as Sister Mathematical (SM), and the other one was known as Sister Logical (SL). It is getting dark and they are still far away from the convent. SM: Have you noticed that a man has been following us for the past thirty-eight and a half minutes? I wonder what he wants. SL: It's logical. He wants to rape us. SM: Oh, no! At this rate he will reach us in 15 minutes at the most? What can we do? SL: The only logical thing to do of course is to walk faster. SM: It's not working. SL: Of course it's not working. The man did the only logical thing. He started to walk faster, too. SM: So, what shall we do? At this rate he will reach us in one minute. SL: The only logical thing we can do is split. You go that way and I'll go this way. He cannot follow us both. So the man decided to follow Sister Logical. Sister Mathematical arrives at the convent and is worried about what has happened to Sister Logical. Then Sister Logical arrives. SM: Sister Logical! Thank God you are here! Tell me what happened! SL: The only logical thing happened. The man couldn't follow us both,so he followed me SM: Yes, yes! But what happened then? SL: The only logical thing happened. I started to run as fast as I could and he started to run as fast as he could. SM: And? SL: The only logical thing happened. He reached me. SM: Oh, dear! What did you do? SL: The only logical thing to do. I lifted my dress up. SM: Oh, Sister! What did the man do? SL: The only logical thing to do. He pulled down his pants. SM: Oh, no! What happened then? SL: Isn't it logical, Sister? A nun with her dress up can run faster than man with his pants down.
"Thats a sexy little outfit your wearing" I said. "I bet you want my cock in you". "Dave", my wife said, "do you know I can hear you on the baby monitor?"
Ugly Woman in the Park A young man was sitting on a park bench when a hideous middle aged woman walked by.  The poor crone had two children with her, a young boy and a baby girl.  The young man smiled at the lady, gestured to her children, and asked if they were hers.  The woman replied that yes, they were indeed her children and thank you for asking. The young man remarked that they were beautiful children, and asked if the boy and girl were twins. The ugly woman was a little taken aback, but thanked the man, and asked him why on earth he thought that they were twins, given their obvious age difference. The young man replied, "I just can't believe that you got laid twice!"
Obama Jokes The liberals are asking us to give Obama time. We agree . . . and think 25 to life would be appropriate. --Jay Leno America needs Obama-care like Nancy Pelosi needs a Halloween mask. --Jay Leno Q: Have you heard about McDonald's' new Obama Value Meal? A: Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it. --Conan O'Brien Q: What does Barack Obama call lunch with a convicted felon? A: A fund raiser. --Jay Leno Q: What's the difference between Obama's cabinet and a penitentiary? A: One is filled with tax evaders, blackmailers, and threats to society. The other is for housing prisoners. --David Letterman Q: If Nancy Pelosi and Obama were on a boat in the middle of the ocean and it started to sink, who would get saved? A: America ! --Jimmy Fallon Q: What's the difference between Obama and his dog, Bo? A: Bo has papers. --Jimmy Kimmel Q: What was the most positive result of the "Cash for Clunkers" program? A: It took 95% of the Obama bumper stickers off the road. --David Letterman
A woman hears her husband cussing up a storm From behind the bathroom door. She knocks and asks, 'honey ,what is it?' Her husband emerges from the bathroom and says, 'The doctor prescribed suppositories for this stomach problem I've been having and no matter what I do, I just can't get the sucker up my ass. Even the doctor had to shove the first one in to show me how it was done, and I tell you it took him forever to get it up there, and it hurt!' 'Poor baby,' says the wife. 'You were probably nervous and tense and he probably wasn't very gentle with you. Here, let me give you the suppository, I don't mind.' Still grumbling, the husband bends over. His wife puts her left hand on his shoulder to brace him and with the right hand, quickly and easily slips the suppository up her husbands rear end. The husband lets out a bloodcurdling scream. 'My god' says the wife. 'What happened? Did I hurt you?' 'No!' Cries the man,'but I just remembered that when the doctor did it, he had BOTH his hand on my shoulders.
Chillin One day three old ladies were sitting on a park bench and this guy jumped out of the bushes and flashed them. The first lady had a stroke, the second one had a stroke, and the third one's arm was too short to reach.
What happend when the bike ran over a nail? It popped a wheelie.
Everyone's always talking about our forefathers... I'm pretty sure there were more than that.
Two (more) nuns (The [other two nuns joke](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/17mc11/there_were_two_nuns/) reminded me of this one so had to post) Two nuns are out driving when a vampire drops onto the bonnet of their car. "Quick sister," screams one nun, "Show him your cross!" So the other nun leans out of the window and shouts, "Get the f#ck off our car before I get out the car, rip your balls off and shove them down your throat, you little s#it!"
I received a rolex for Christmas from the lesbian couple who live next door. Now, while I am happy with the gift, I guess they didn`t quite understand what I meant when I told them, "I wanna watch".
A recently deceased man was being shown around heaven. St Peter was looking after him by showing him the various facilities that were available. At the end of the tour, St Peter asked the man if he had any questions. The man could only think of one. He pointed to a long wall running along one side. "Why do you have a wall there?" asked the man. St Peter sighed and said, "That is for the Catholics. They`re on the other side. They like to think that they are the only ones here."
If wine is considered the blood of Jesus, I don't blame those romans for killing him. That shit is delicious
At the end of a job interview, the employer asks the future employee "So, do you have any questions regarding the company ?" "How many people are working here ?" "well, i hope that at least half of them are."
D'ya hear about the guy that drowned in a bowl of muesli? A currant pulled him under.
a clean and timeless blonde joke for the whole family A man was trimming his bushes. His neighbor (the blonde) walks out, checks her mail only to see that it's empty, and goes back inside. Five minutes later, she comes back out, checks her mail again only to see that it's still empty, and goes back in. The third time she comes out, the man asks her, "Excuse me, is there a problem?" The blonde replies, "Darn right there's a problem! My computer keeps on telling me 'I've got mail'!"
A couple went out to eat ... A couple went out to eat at a nice restaurant. The waiter came over to give them the specials of the night, "For our main courses, we have a nice roasted Salmon with a Cranberry-Mustard sauce or a tender Chicken fried steak." The lady replied that she'd have the salmon. The waiter said, "Very good, madam. What about the vegetable?" She said, "Oh, I'm sure he'll just order the Chicken Fried Steak."
Ex-Wife An Avid Sportman and hunter, Tim decided to tie the knot with his longtime girlfriend. One evening, not long after the honeymoon, he was getting his equipment ready for an upcoming hunt. His wife was standing there at the bench watching him. After a long period of silence she finally speaks. "Honey, I've been thinking, now that we are married I think it's time you quit hunting, shooting, hand-loading, and fishing. Maybe you should sell your guns and boat." Tim gets this horrified look on his face. She says, "Darling, what's wrong?" "You were beginning to sound like my ex-wife." "Ex wife!" she screams, "I didn't know you were married before!" He replied, "I wasn't."
What's the best time of the day? 6:30... *hands down*
A Vodka Martini please I said as I pushed my way in front of two massive women in the cocktail bar. "That's very rude!" one of them said. "Just for that you can buy ours! That'll be two margaritas." "And two cheese and tomato pizzas for these fat bitches please."
WOMEN A real woman is a man's best friend. She will never stand him up and never let him down. She will reassure him when he feels insecure and comfort him after a bad day. She will inspire him to do things he never thought he could do; to live without fear and forget regret. She will enable him to express his deepest emotions and give in to his most intimate desires. She will make sure he always feels as though he's the most handsome man in the room and will enable him to be the most confident, sexy, seductive and invincible... No wait...Sorry. I'm thinking of bourbon. It's bourbon that does all that shit. Never mind.
I hope reddit still likes cats A family of tabby cats walks into a talent agency run by a bulldog and his intern. The family -- a tomcat, his visibly pregnant mate, and two younger cats -- all take a bow, and the tomcat introduces his family to the bulldog. "We're a travelling variety show looking for some representation. Do you think your agency could help us?" The intern, a chihuahua, begins to nod and speak, but the bulldog cuts her off, chomping on a smoldering cigar. "We only represent the best here. We'll need to see a performance of your act before we can take you as a client." "We don't have a videotape prepared," says the tomcat, "but we're prepared to demonstrate the big number at the end of our show for you here in this office, if you'd like." The bulldog and chihuahua exchange a glance, and the bulldog sighs, puffing a cloud of tobacco smoke to one side. "Okay, okay. You get one take. This had better be good." The family of tabby cats rearrange themselves, and look expectantly at the tomcat, as though waiting for his cue. He nods quickly and the two kittens run at each other. The male extends his front paws as his sister vaults into a handstand on top of them, spreading her rear to expose her glistening vulva. This display of gymnastics attracts the attention of the tomcat, who sticks his nose and mouth firmly between her legs, while the pregnant cat begins to wail a few bars of a vaudeville song that the intern is unfamiliar with, but the bulldog has heard once or twice. The tomcat screeches, spraying urine and pheromones all over the pregnant mother before displaying his now-erect penis, bristling with sharp spines. Both the bulldog and chihuahua are speechless at this jowl-dropping display, and the cigar falls to the floor. On a downbeat in the mother's wailed song, the tomcat opens the door as the two kittens scramble to the side of their mother, singing harmony on the line "everybody wants to be a cat." A larger-than-average doberman comes through the open door and sits in the middle of the scene. The tomcat bends forward, caressing the tip of his tumescent, barbed penis and sucking with his mouth at the crotch of the doberman. Meanwhile, the two kittens grab the distending walls of the pregnant cat's cervix as she gives birth to a litter of four kittens, one after the other, right on the floor of the talent agency. The doberman, seeing the sudden shock of birth on the mother's face, licks his chops as his turgid penis bursts out of its sheath, shiny and red as a tomato. With this, the chihuahua intern shivers a little as the bulldog tries to regain his composure while fighting a small twinge of jealousy at the size of the doberman's member. The doberman approaches the mother, while the tomcat begins to hump the placenta like a horny teenager on a dirty sofa cushion. The two kittens who'd assisted with the birth back away, making wide gestures with their paws at their postpartum mother's gaping vagina. The doberman rocks his hips back and forth, rolling his swelling penis against the umblical cords like violin strings to the beat of the winded mother's song. The two oldest kittens pick up the tune for their mother as she picks each of the newborns up and sucks the fluids from their fur. The bulldog behind his desk leans over and whispers to his intern, "that part makes sense, at least." The tomcat breaks away from the placenta as the mother finishes cleaning her infants, then begins raking the barbs on his twitching penis against several boils on the back of his mate's flank. One of them bursts, spilling pus down her coat and onto the floor. The doberman scoops up the male kitten from the side of the room and shoves his giant cock through the cat's virgin rectum and all the way out through his mouth. With the head of his penis dripping and exposed, the doberman takes aim at one of the newborn cats and penetrates its tiny vulva, making her seconds-old eyes pop open and roll back in her head. With this, the doberman comes hard, biting the head off the infant and dripping semen down to the ground. The bulldog and intern are aghast, recoiling back into their chairs. The oldest female holds the exposed esophagus of the deceased infant, defecating lumps into the wound and puffing the body up like a balloon. The mother cat snatches the body up, licking the fur, and slowly sliding the body in and out of her still-gaping snatch. The other newborns instinctively begin to lap up the mixture of pus and semen on the floor like milk from a saucer, trading with each other in a show of generosity. The tomcat, still erect and pulsing with excitement, grabs the chihuahua from her seat by the back of the neck, and begins penetrating her unaroused mound while singing about making pussies purr. The bulldog is frozen with shock and horror as his intern's body betrays her. Finally, the mother's masturbatory lump becomes too much for her and she shudders, coming hard and squeezing the feces from the decapitated body of her child. The tomcat, the mother, and the doberman all harmonize on the last note of the song as the tomcat climaxes inside the chihuahua. As the tomcat pulls his spined phallus from the raw and bloody canine sex, the chihuahua's guilty orgasm adds one more note to the song as the group finishes together. Everything is silent, except for the low licking of the three surviving infants against the sticky texture on the floor. The group takes a bow as the chihuahua passes out. With this, the bulldog gasps, reaching a trembling paw for the dropped cigar. He replaces the stogie in his mouth, not seeming to notice the dark dribble of blood-darkened interspecies semen on the tip. Finally, after what seems like an eternity, the bulldog is finally able to force some words from his mouth. "Well, what the hell do you call that act?" The tomcat's eyes sparkle. "The Aristocats!"
Little Timmy and his father are walking in the park. Timmy sees two dogs humping, and says, "Dad, what are they doing?" His father looks and says, "Oh, they're making a puppy." Later that night, Timmy walks into his parents' room and sees mom and dad going at it, and says "Dad, what are you doing??" His Dad says, "Oh, we're making you a baby brother." Timmy says, "Well flip her over, I'd rather have a puppy"
How do you turn a fox into a cow? You marry her.
what do you call a fraction where the numerator is bigger than the denominator?(dirty joke) missionary position.
"Angry Notes" Courtesy of Saurabh on Fropki.com Dear Noah, We could have sworn you said the ark wasn't leaving till 5. Sincerely, Unicorns Dear Twilight fans, Please realize that because vampires are dead and have no blood pumping through them, they can never get it up. Enjoy dreaming about that. Sincerely, Logic Dear Icebergs, Sorry to hear about the global warming. Karma's a bitch. Sincerely, The Titanic Dear America , You produced Miley Cyrus. Bieber is your punishment. Sincerely, Canada Dear Yahoo, I've never heard anyone say, "I don't know, let's Yahoo! it..." Just saying... Sincerely, Google Dear 2010, So I hear the best rapper is white and the president is black? WTF happened?! Sincerely, 1985 Dear girls who have been dumped, There are plenty of fish in the sea... Just kidding! They're all dead. Sincerely, BP Dear Skin-Colored Band Aids, Please make one for every skin color. Sincerely, Black people Dear Scissors, I feel your pain... no one wants to run with me either. Sincerely, Sarah Palin Dear Customers, Yes, we ARE making fun of you in Vietnamese. Sincerely, Nail Salon Ladies Dear Ugly People, You're welcome. Sincerely, Alcohol Dear World, Please stop freaking out about 2012. Our calendars end there because some Spanish d-bags invaded our country and we got a little busy, ok? Sincerely, The Mayans Dear White People, Don't you just hate immigrants? Sincerely, Native Americans Dear iPhone, Please stop spell checking all of my rude words into nice words. You piece of shut. Sincerely, Every iPhone User Dear Trash, At least you get picked up... Sincerely, The Girls of Jersey Shore Dear Man, It's cute, but can you pick up peanuts with it? Sincerely, Elephant
Mickey Mouse files for divorce from Minnie Mouse On the final day in divorce court, Mickey takes the stand and the judge says, "so let me get this straight, Mickey. You want to divorce Minnie because she's fucking nuts??" Mickey replies, "no Judge, I want to divorce Minnie because she's fucking Goofy!"
Did you hear about that celebrity who committed suicide? Reese whatsername? "Witherspoon?" "No, with a knife!" Only really works if you actually tell it to someone (and can maintain a good pokerface)
There was an engaged couple... talking to a priest about the possibility of getting married in his church. "You two look like fine young lovers, and I would be happy to marry you, but first you must prove your loyalty to one another by abstaining from sex for a month." The couple agreed and they all planned to meet up again in a month. The first two weeks went by without incident, but during the third week, the young man returned to the priest. "I'm so sorry, I failed to control my desires and I could not remain abstinent. My wife dropped a paint can and bent over to pick it up and , unable to resist any longer, I had my way with her right then and there. I'm terribly sorry." "That's alright, my son" the priest said. "We are not infallible and we sometimes make mistakes. There is no harm done." The man sighed and said, "well other than the fact we're banned from Home Depot for life now."
Knot too shabby A string walks into a bar, and the bartender's all like "HEY, WE DON'T SERVE STRING IN HERE". Now obviously this makes the string very angry, so he goes outside and just goes CRAZY. He's rolling around, punching walls, hitting the ground, and by the time he's finally tired out he got himself all tied up and his ends frayed. So he walks back into the bar, and the bartender's like "HEY, ARE YOU THAT STRING FROM EARLIER?" And the string says "nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A Married Couple just separated... A married couple were just going through separation, and John was at the pub sharing his troubles, when his mate, Ted comes in he tells all. "I have no idea what was wrong, I can't fathom any reason why she would do this to me, I was just coming home early from work and I caught her, of all things having sex with that fucking dog I bought last week" Ted "Well that's what you get for marrying one of those girls, always fucking a man's best friend."
...And that's the last thing I remember So I was at the bar the other day, and I heard these two kind of hefty women talking to each other in a funny accent. So I go up to them and say, "Hey are you two ladies from Scotland?" One of them turns to me and says, "Wales you idiot!" I say, "Oh sorry. Are you two whales from Scotland?"
A married couple went to the hospital to have their baby delivered. Upon their arrival, the doctor said he had invented a new machine that would transfer a portion of the mothers pain to the baby's father. He asked if they were willing to try it out. they were both very much in favor of it. The doctor set the pain transfer to 10%, for starters, explaining that even 10% was probably more pain the father had ever experienced before. However, as the labor progressed, the husband felt fine and asked the doctor to go ahead and "kick it up a notch." The doctor then adjusted the machine to 20% pain transfer. The husband still feeling fine. The doctor checked the husbands blood pressure and was amazed at how well he was doing at this point, they decided to try for 50%. the husband continued to feel quite well. Since the pain transfer was obviously helping out the wife considerably, the husband encouraged the doctor to transfer ALL the pain to him. The wife delivered a healthy baby boy with virtually no pain. She and her husband were ecstatic. When they got home, the mail man was dead on the porch.
Some (eye-rolling) Chemistry Pick-up Lines for the Valentine's season * Are you made of Carbon? Because it feels like my world revolves around you. * You're my Lithium. * Are you an anion? Because I'm positive we're meant to be together. * My heart is made of Gallium. It melts when you're close to me. * Are you Fluorine? Because i can't seem to get myself away from you. * My heart burns like a mole of suns for you. * If I could rearrange the periodic table, I'd put U and I together. * Who needs Hydrogen if you're my #1?. * I can feel a bond forming between us. Any others would be appreciated
What's the difference between mass and weight? Mass is where Catholics go on Sunday, and weight is where sundaes go on Catholics. (From a poster on the ceiling in my dentists office)
What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone? You can't hear a vitamin.
A hungry college student saw a poster reading "Humanitarians of the World meeting tonight. Free food," and decided to attend Upon arrival, he was promptly killed, skewered, roasted, and eaten.
Guy walks into a bar So a guy decides to go to a bar for drink. He sits down at the stool and says to the lady next to him, "We are going to have sex tonight." She replies, "What makes you think that?" The guy responds, "Because I'm stronger than you"
Two equally well-qualified men applied for the same job... The manager, at a loss of what to do, decided to give them a written test. After time was up, both men handed the test to the manager, who went to his office. He promptly returned, and told the two men that they had both scored a 9/10 on the test, getting the same problem wrong. He then shook the first guy's hand, granting him the job. The second guy protested, "Why are you giving him the job?! We both got one wrong; give us another test!" "That's true," the manager replied. "But on the one you both got wrong, the other guy wrote, 'I don't know.' You wrote, 'Me neither.'"
I was teaching a bunch of black teenagers about slavery. None of them liked the concept, but their grandparents were sold on the idea. Edit: So I come back to my joke and have no idea what happened...
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? On a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
Seneca Falls
Rosa Parks her ass on the bus seat
Clever Husband. Husband: Today is Sunday &amp; I have to enjoy it. So I bought 3 movie tickets. Wife: Why Three? Husband: It's for you and your parents.
What do you call a hooker with a runny nose? Full.
How do you kill a hipster? Drown him in the main stream.  A hipster actually told me this one.
What did the man say when he couldn't get the gun to fire? "Looks like I'm gonna have to read the trouble shooting section of the manual."
At the drop of a hat I recently had sex with my woman for the first time, and apparently she was impressed. She said, "You last so much longer than the last guy I was with! He would come at the drop of a hat!" I just smiled and said thanks but all I could think was "That's a really weird fetish."
Dumb Joke David: Jim, you've got to be the dumbest son of a bitch I've ever met Jim: Really? I think that's a hyperbola
What is the difference between a Catholic and a Baptist? A catholic will say "hello" to you in the liquor store.
Polish Divorce POLISH DIVORCE A Polish man moved to the USA and married an American girl. Although his English was far from perfect, they got along very well. One day he rushed into a lawyer's office and asked him if he could arrange a divorce for him. The lawyer said that getting a divorce would depend on the circumstances, and asked him the following questions: Have you any grounds? Yes, an acre and half and nice little home. No, I mean what is the foundation of this case? It made of concrete. I don't think you understand. Does either of you have a real grudge? No, we have carport, and not need one. I mean what are your relations like? All my relations still in Poland. Is there any infidelity in your marriage? We have hi-fidelity stereo and good DVD player. Does your wife beat you up? No, I always up before her. Is your wife a nagger? No, she white. Why do you want this divorce? She going to kill me. What makes you think that? I got proof. What kind of proof? She going to poison me. She buy a bottle at drugstore and put on shelf in bathroom. I can read English pretty good, and it says: http://waxingsupply.com/images/EZFlow-50926.jpg
woke this morning with a thin white thread hanging from my mouth Hoped for a teabag
An octopus walks into a bar... Claiming that he can teach himself to play any instrument in a matter of minutes. The bar's patrons are sceptical and decide to test his boasted ability. First, they present him with a cello, to their astonishment he plays with ease. Next, he is provided a saxophone which also fails to present a challenge. Finally, they present a bagpipe. He is puzzled, having never seen such an instrument. He begins to examine it carefully. Five minutes pass and the crowd begins to grow impatient. One man jeers him. "You 'bout ready to play it for us?". "Play it?" he responds, confused. "I'm trying to get it's pyjamas off and fuck it!" Edit: Spelling and grammar.
A Man goes to the psychiatrist's office... He walks into the psychiatrist's office wearing short made out of plastice wrap. The psychiatrist takes one look at the man and says, "Well, I can clearly see you're nuts."
WOMEN Woo men.
What's the most popular sport in Mexico? Cross-country.
What kind of file makes a hole bigger?? A Pedophile
An Engineer, a priest, and a doctor... An engineer , a priest, and a doctor are all out golfing when they notice three blind men golfing in front of them. The blind are taking forever and the doctor calls over the club house manager and asks what's going on. The manager says well you see those are three firemen that saved our clubhouse from burning down last year and they lost their eyesight in the process, so we let them golf for free as much as they want. The priest then says " oh my ..I am going to say a prayer for them, to help them in any way I can". Then the doctor says "I'm going to ask them if there's anything I can do to help get their sight back". Then the engineer has been thinking for a minute and then asked the manager. " why can't they play at night"?
A guy was putting carpeting in the house of an old lady So he spent several hours fitting it, moving the furniture, stretching and stuff. After all the hard work is done he steps back to admire the result, while reaching for his pack of fags to have a well deserved smoke. Pack is nowhere to be found, but he spots a small bulge in the middle of the room. "I'm not going to redo all this shit" -he thinks, so he takes a mallet and flatens the bulge and calls the lady to show her the work. "Very nice indeed", she says, "oh here's your cigarettes, you left them in the lobby and by the way, have you seen my hamster?"
Why did the Soviets decide to be Russian? Cuz they got tired of Stalin.
A Priest, rabbai and a restaurant a priest and a rabbai walk into a restaurant. Sitting down they order thier food, later on the food arrives with a giant plate with a pig on it. Looking at the rabbai who was pissed the priest said, "go on try it" the rabbai angry says, "i will try it when pigs fly." the priest looks at the rabbai and turns to the table behind them to coincidentally was having chicken. Tearing the wings off the chicken he stabs them into the pigs back, lifts it up, and throws it across the room. Looking back at the rabbai the priest smiles, "fetch"
It's a dangerous world out there. Two peanuts are walking down the street, one was assaulted, the other was shelled.
I was looking at a cup of Earl Grey that always replenishes itself.. It was like staring into infinitea.
Real men lay eggs..... Shitfaced and happy, Jack comes home from the pub late one Friday evening. Not wanting to disturb his girl, who's already asleep, he creeps into bed beside her, gives her a peck on her cheek and falls asleep. When he wakes up, he finds a strange man standing at the end of his bed. To make matters even stranger, the man's wearing a long flowing white robe. "Who the hell are you?" Jack demands, "and what are you doing in my bedroom?" With a completely straight face, which unnerves Jack, the mysterious man replies: "This isn't your bedroom and, fact of the matter is, I'm Lucifer's lieutenant'. Jack is officially stunned. "You mean I'm dead?! That can't be, I had so much to live for, I didn't even said goodbye to my family.... you've got to send me back straight away!" he screams. The Lieutenant pauses for a while and then replies, "Yes you can be reincarnated, but you haven't gathered enough karma for me to send you back as a human. The best I can do for you is send you back as a dog or a hen.' Jack is devastated, but remembers a farm not far from his house. Mulling it over while biting his lip, he finally asks to be sent back as a hen. A flash of light later and he's covered in feathers, clucking around pecking the ground. "Well, this ain't half bad," he thinks, until he felt this strange sensation welling up inside him. Soon enough, the farmyard rooster strolls over and says "So you're the new hen, yeah? How's your first day here, so far?" "It ain't so bad!" Jack the Hen replies, "but I have this strange feeling inside....like I'm about to explode". "That's because you're ovulating," explained the rooster, "don't tell me you've never laid an egg before". "Never," replies Jack. "Well, just relax and let it happen," and the rooster walks away. And so, taking the rooster's advice, Jack submits to the Lord's whims and waits. A few uncomfortable minutes later, an egg pops out from under his tail. An immense feeling of relief sweeps over Jack, and his emotions got the better of him as he simultaneously experiences relief and motherhood for the first time. A few seconds later, when he's laying his second egg, the feeling of happiness becomes so overwhelming, he knows that being reincarnated as a hen was the best thing to have ever happened to him..... His joy knows no bounds by now, and he's just about to lay his third egg, when he feels an enormous smack on the back of his head. He looks around and there's no one there, so he lets it go, concentrating on becoming a mother for the third time. Another smack and this time, he hears his girlfriend's voice, calling out in the distance. Jack looks up, the egg's crown just about to pop through his mother-hole, and this time he hears her clearly: "JACK, WAKE UP YOUR DRUNK BASTARD, YOU'RE SHITTING ON THE BED AGAIN!"
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my cock in your ass
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up like a choir boy.
Sell my stuff The wife and I were sitting around the breakfast table one lazy Sunday morning. I said to her, "If I were to die suddenly, I want you to immediately sell all my stuff." "Now why would you want me to do something like that?" she asked. "I figure that you would eventually remarry and I don't want some other wanker using my stuff." She looked at me and said: "What makes you think I'd marry another wanker?"
Thirteen! Thirteen! Thirteen! A pedestrian is walking past an insane asylum, and in the distance hears a bunch of the asylum inmates inside screaming at the top of their lungs, "Thirteen! Thirteen! Thirteen!" Intrigued, the pedestrian peeks through a hole in the fence to see what all the commotion is about, and, suddenly, a finger pops out jabbing him right in the eye. He screams in pain, and the inmates all start gleefully shouting, "Fourteen! Fourteen! Fourteen!"
They told me I could add 2 inches to my "measurement" by starting at my asshole... ... I was actually able to add 6 inches, thanks to my rectal prolapse. (Under no circumstances should you do a google image search.)
Deadly Fruit. One day in the forest, 3 guys were just hiking along a trail when all of a sudden, a huge pack of Indians attacked them and knocked them out. When they woke up, they were at the leader of the tribe's throne. The chief then said "All of your lives may be spared if you can find ten of one fruit and bring them back to me." So after a while the first man returned with 10 apples. The chief then ordered him to stick all ten of them up his ass without making any expression at all on his face. He had a little bit of trouble with the first one and started crying while trying to put the next one in. He was soon killed. Later, the next guy came in with 10 grapes. The chief soon ordered him to do the same as the first guy. After to the 9th grape, the man started laughing, and was killed. The first two guys soon met in heaven and the first guy ask the second, "Why did you start laughing? You only needed one more grape and you'd have gotten away!" The second guy answered while still laughing, "I couldn't help it. I saw the third guy walking in with pineapples."
How do you break up an Al-Quaeda bingo game? Yell "B-52!"
A man and a woman are applying for a job at the CIA... They both get to the end of the interview process when they are told there is only one test left. They are brought into a room where the interviewer says to the man: "Through this door is your wife, I need you to take this gun, go in there and shoot her." So the man goes through the door... and about a minute later he comes out saying, "I couldn't do it i love her to much." Now it's the Woman's turn. The interviewer says: "You have the same test, i need you to take this gun, go in there and shoot him" So she goes in the door... and about a minute later they here two loud bangs, some yelling, a couple thuds, and then a body hitting the floor. When the woman comes out the interviewer asks what happens, she says: "Some idiot loaded the gun with blanks, so i had to beat him to death with the chair!"
Why are Mexicans bad at UNO? They steal all the green cards.
A Japanese man, a French man, and an American are traveling the amazon... When out of nowhere, they're ambushed by a pack of head hunters and each one of them is knocked out. When they all come to, they are tied to wooden poles, a native man, the chief, standing before them. He says, "Now before we kill you, I want to let you all know, not a single part of your body will go to waste. We will ground your bones to make powder. We will use your teeth for necklaces and jewelry. Your skin will be tanned and stretched out across a frame to make canoes, and so on." He adds," I will give you all a knife, and you can kill yourselves how you want", he says untiing them. He hands a knife to the French man, he yells, "VIVA LA FRANCE!", and slits his throat. The Japanese man is next. He takes the knife, yells,"BANZIA!", and commits a hari-kari. Then, the American takes the knife, stabs holes all over his body, and says,"THERE'S YOUR FUCKIN' CANOE!"
Which computer is the best at singing? A Dell.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball. The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!" "Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything." The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves. Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it. The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks. "Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
Emotionally Abusive Husband A woman turned to her husband one day and said: 'You're such a mean bastard! All you do is push me around and talk behind my back!!' To which he retorted: 'Well of course I do! You're in a bloody wheelchair!!'
What does it taste like to go down on a little old lady? Depends
My necrophiliac girlfriend told me I was dead to her. That is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
How much does a hipster weigh? An *instagram*
Atheism and Religion are but two sides of the same coin. One prefers to use its head, while the other relies on tales
My teacher put these onto our Word of the Day test in class today. What illness did everyone on the Enterprise catch? Chicken Spocks! What animals are on legal documents? Seals! What is a polygon? A dead parrot!
The word of the day is: bishop My sister fell down the stairs, i had to pick the bitch up
Why is called a Pap Smear? Sounds better than a Cunt Scrape
A father had noticed that his son wasn't going on any dates... so he asked him: "Son, why don't you go on dates and have a relationship with a girl ?" Disappointed, the son answered: "I would go on dates, dad, but girls these days just aren't stady". "How come, son ? If you f*ck them doggy style, they fall over?"
Why were there 600 Mexicans at the Alamo? They only had 2 cars.
How is the porn industry different from every other career? It's the only job where you have to stay late if you come early.
How do you start a rave in Africa? Glue toast to the ceiling.
Vehicles in Heaven Three men go up to heaven at the same time. As they approach the Pearly Gates they have are greeted by a man at a podium in front of the gates. "Greetings" says the man "Before you go into heaven, you will be assigned a vehicle". The men think this is strange but they agree, "The quality of the vehicle you will be given is in accordance with how good you were on earth" The first man steps forward and he is addressed by the man behind the desk. "How many times did you cheat on you wife while you were alive?" "Once" says the man. "I am giving you this older sedan" says the man behind the desk as he pulls out the car keys. The man drives away and the next man comes up and the process begins again. "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" "Twice" "Ok then we'll be giving you this beat up sedan" The next man comes up and again: The man answers that he had no affairs and was fully faithful to his wife. "Excellent" says the man behind the desk, as he pulls out the keys to a very nice new car. Three months pass and the three men all pull up next to each other at an intersection in heaven, and the man in the nice car is crying hysterically. One of the men looks at him and asks whats wrong. "I just saw my wife" says the man between sobs "and the bitch was riding a scooter"
[Nsfw] So I went to this convention for women who had lost their legs... The place was crawling with pussy.